S1, Ep1 

Winter Is Coming 

•  Three men set out on horseback on a snowy landscape from the Wall. The young 
one sees smoke from a fire and creeps up on it. He sees bodies hacked to bits and 
heads on stakes, dismembered limbs all around, including women and children. He 
turns and runs. 
 
We see their bodies are laid out in a kind of symbol, like a ring. 
 
He is chastised by his leader for being a coward, and reminded of their mission and 
the punishment for desertion. His comrades go to check out the bodies, but find 
they've disappeared. One man finds what could be an organ in the snow. He's about 
to show it to the other man when something dark and sinister pops up out of snow 
and slashes him down. The remaining men run. They're chased by something that 
doesn't seem human. The creature catches one of the men and slices off his head. 
The remaining man drops to his knees and awaits his fate. 
 
Later, he stumbles across a field. Not dead. A band of men on horses intercept him. 
 
In Winterfell, Ned Stark (Sean Bean) watches his son Bran practice archery with 
the aid of Jon Snow, Ned's bastard son. Inside the castle, his young daughter Arya 
practices needlepoint. Bran lets fly his arrow and misses wildly. Suddenly another 
strikes the bullseye. They turn to see who let it go. It's Arya, showing up her 
brother. 
 
A man comes to report they captured a deserter from the Night's Watch. Ned's wife 
Catelyn asks him if he has to do what must be done. Ned says yes, and 10 year old 
Bran is coming to watch. 
 
They march the deserter to be beheaded. He tells Ned he saw White Walkers. Bran 
watches as his father beheads the man. Jon commends Bran for not looking away. 
After, Ned tells Bran that the White Walkers have been gone for thousands of 
years and the deserter must be crazy. He had to cut the man's head off himself 
because he passed the sentence, Ned explains. 
 
On the ride home they come upon a disemboweled elk and wonder what could 
have done it. They find a similarly hacked up wolf nearby, with five young pups. 
They believe they're a rare kind of wolf, a direwolf, of which there are only five 
south of the wall. Ned commands them killed because they wont survive without 
their mother. Jon suggests instead that, as the direwolf is the sigil of house Stark & 
Ned has 5 Stark children, the five pups go to the five Stark children. As they are 
about to leave, Jon finds a 6th pup, which he takes for his own... the runt of the 
litter for the bastard son. 



 
Kings Landing, Capital of the Seven Kingdoms 
 
A funeral takes place in the grand cathedral. Ser Jaime Lannister checks on his 
twin sister, Queen Cersei Baratheon of the House of Lannister. She's worried the 
dead man, Jon Arryn, might have spilled her secret to her husband, the king. 
 
Back in Winterfell 
 
Cat tells her husband the news of Jon Arryn's death. He was like a father to Ned. 
King Robert of Baratheon and Queen Cersei are on the way to Winterfell with their 
entourage. Bran climbs to the top of the compound to see the hundreds 
approaching. His mom chides him not to climb. The king and queen arrive. The 
Starks line up to greet them. Prince Joffrey Baratheon of the House of Baratheon 
makes eyes at Sansa Stark, Ned's young daughter. They greet each other warmly. 
Arya is eager to see the imp. 
 
King Robert asks Ned to take him to the crypt. Down there, Robert says Arryn got 
sick suddenly and died. Robert asks Ned to come to King's Landing and serve as 
Hand of the King, to run his kingdom. He wants Ned to help him keep the iron 
throne. He suggests they join their houses by marrying his son Joffrey and Ned's 
daughter Sansa. 
 
We meet the imp, Tyrion Lannister, a dwarf. He is on the receiving end of a young 
woman's attention. His brother Jaime busts in to tell them the Starks are feasting 
them at sundown. He brings additional whores to help Tyrion work out his desires 
before then. 
 
Robert pays his respects to Ned's dead sister, who he was going to marry before the 
Targaryens killed her. He still feels strongly for her. 
 
Pentos, Across the Narrow Sea 
 
Princess Daenerys Targaryen gets ready for her wedding. Prince Viserys comes to 
check on his sister, complete with examining her naked. The marriage is meant to 
solidify Viserys reign and not wake the dragon. Later, she meets her intended king, 
a savage killer who has never been defeated in battle. He says nothing, and rides 
off. Viserys advisor assures him Khal Drogo approved of her. 
 
Later, Viserys is talking about returning to rule. Daenerys announces she doesn't 
want to be Khal Drogo's queen. Viserys explains they need Drogo's army to retake 
their kingdom, and he would let all 40,000 of Drogo's men and horses have their 
way with her if it meant a return to power. 
 



In Winterfell, Sansa begs her mother to convince her dad to let her marry so she 
can be queen. 
 
Ned's brother Benjen Stark arrives from the Night's Watch. Jon asks to return to 
the wall with him, but Benjen says he's not ready. After Benjen leaves, Jon meets 
Tyrion, who encourages him to wear the fact he's a bastard like armour, and then it 
can't be used to hurt him. He empathizes, saying all dwarves are bastards in their 
father's eyes. Benjen finds his brother Ned, who tells him the boy he beheaded was 
a true ranger. He seems surprised he deserted. Cersei watches distractedly as her 
husband gropes wenches at the feast. Sansa introduces herself. She's only 13. 
 
Jaime accosts Ned, taunting him to fight when he's back in town. Arya gets 
removed from the party for flicking food. Later at night, Ned tells his wife he 
doesn't want to go to the city. Cat doesn't want him to go either. There's a knock at 
their bedroom door. It's Maester Luwin, Ned's counselor. 
 
A rider brought a letter from Cat's sister. It was sent from the aerie. Cat reads it and 
her eyes get wide. She burns the letter. Her sister has fled the city. She said her 
husband Jon Arryn was murdered by the Lannisters, and they're plotting against the 
king. Luwin tells Ned he's the only one who can protect the king. 
 
At the wedding feast for Daenrys and Drogo, Viserys is eager to get his throne 
back. Daenrys watches two men try to have sex with a woman in the middle of a 
dance and end up cutting each other to bits. We learn that a Dothraki wedding 
without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair. Jorah Mormant, an exiled 
knight, brings song books to Daenrys. She also gets a gift of dragons eggs. Khal 
gets up and goes to his horse. Daenrys follows, and he gives her a white horse. As 
she's riding off, her brother tells her to make Drogo happy. Later, alone on the 
beach at sunset, she waits nervously as her new husband looks her over. She cries. 
He says only no as he slowly takes off her clothes and pushes her to the ground. 
 
Back in Winterfell, Ned prepares to ride with the King. As they set off, Bran 
climbs to the top of the compound walls again to watch his father ride away. 
Halfway up the wall he hears the sounds of people having sex. He sees Jaime with 
a woman bent over in front of him. It's his sister Cersei. She seems to be a willing 
participant. She shouts that Bran saw them. Jaime pulls Bran off the ledge. He 
assesses how high up they are, then he gives Bran a shove. 
 
"The things I do for love," he says. 

 

S1, Ep2 

The Kingsroad 



•  Across the Narrow Sea 
 
As Khal Drogo's khalasar ride through the Dothraki Sea, Ser Jorah Mormont 
approaches Daenerys Targaryen ('Dany' for short), who looks visibly depressed. 
He says that she must eat, but Dany doesn't like the horse meat. Jorah says that the 
Dothraki have two things in abundance, horses and grass, and that people can't 
survive on grass. He begins telling her about the Dothraki Sea and the Shadow 
Lands of Asshai, but she doesn't seem interested. Jorah sees Dany staring at Drogo, 
and he tells her that "it will get easier." 
 
The khalasar make camp, and Dany is helped off her horse and carried into her tent 
by her new handmaidens. Jorah approaches Viserys and tells him that Illyrio has 
extended the hospitality of Pentos to Viserys still, so that he doesn't have to travel 
with the khalasar. Viserys rejects this, saying that he'll stay with the khalasar until 
Drogo fulfills his promise and gives him an army. Viserys inquires about why 
Jorah fled Westeros, and he tells him that he caught some poachers on his land, so 
he tried to sell them into slavery. When Ned Stark found out, and intended to 
execute Jorah, Jorah fled across the Narrow Sea. Viserys assures Jorah that under 
his rule he wouldn't be punished for such nonsense. 
 
That night, Drogo enters his tent and roughly has sex with Dany from behind. She 
cries, but finds solace and smiles at the sight of her three dragon eggs. 
 
Dany is being tended to by her three handmaidens, Irri, Jhiqui and Doreah. She 
asks them about dragons, and if there are any still alive. Irri and Jhiqui say that all 
of the dragons were killed by brave men, but Doreah says that she had heard a 
story about when the moon cracked and thousands of dragons came out. The others 
dismiss this. Dany sends them out so she can talk to Doreah alone. She asks how 
she knew this, and Doreah tells her that before she was given to Dany, she was 
whore, and that men would tell her plenty of stories when they were happy. Dany 
asks Doreah if she can help her make Drogo happy, and she says that she can. 
 
Later at night, Doreah is stranding Dany, on top of her and giving her tips on 
lovemaking. She tells Dany that she must look Drogo in the eyes while they are 
having sex. Doreah tells her a story of a woman who was such a desired whore that 
men would burn others and sell their palaces to spend a night with her, and that just 
her stare could make a man "finish." Dany says that she doesn't think Drogo will 
like it with her on top, but Doreah dismisses this, saying that "the Dothraki take 
slaves like a hound takes a bitch." She asks if Dany is a slave, to which she says 
that she isn't. Doreah tells Dany to not make love like a slave then. Dany climbs on 
top of Doreah, and Doreah says that inside their tent, Drogo is Dany's. 
 
Drogo enters their tent completely naked, and approaches Dany, who is lying 
down. He grabs her and tries to turn her around, but she refuses, and tells him in 



Dothraki that she wants to look into his eyes. He relents, and she climbs on top of 
him, and they start having sex. 
 
Winterfell 
 
Tyrion wakes up in the kennels among the dogs. Joffrey and his own dog, Sandor 
Clegane, are staring at him. Joffrey says that they're to set off for King's Landing 
that day. Tyrion tells Joffrey to go to Ned and Catelyn and offer them his 
sympathies, as Joffrey's absence has already been noticed. Joffrey refuses, saying 
that he doesn't care about Bran and that he "can't stand the wailing of women." 
Tyrion slaps Joffrey. When Joffrey says he'll tell his mother, Tyrion slaps him 
again. Tyrion commands him to go and do as he said. Joffrey scurries away. 
Sandor tells Tyrion that Joffrey will remember that. Tyrion says that he hopes he 
will, and that if he forgets, Sandor will remind him. Tyrion turns and walks away, 
going to breakfast. 
 
Inside the Great Hall, the other Lannisters are already eating. Tyrion orders 
breakfast and sits down with them. Myrcella asks Tyrion if Bran will live, to which 
Tyrion says that the maester believes he will. Cersei remarks that it's no kindness 
to let him linger in such pain. She also expresses her disapproval of Tyrion going 
north to visit the Wall. Jaime says that he hopes Tyrion doesn't intend to join the 
Night's Watch. Tyrion says he only wishes to "piss off the edge of the world." 
Cersei is disgusted and takes Tommen and Myrcella away. Jaime says that he'd 
rather a quick, clean death than living as a cripple. Tyrion says that he is eager to 
hear what Bran has to say. Jaime glares at Tyrion, and asks who's side he's on, 
implying that Tyrion knows about the incest. Tyrion assures him that he is loyal to 
their family. 
 
Cersei visits Catelyn, who is sitting by Bran's bedside. She tells Catelyn that once 
she had a child to Robert, but that the child took ill and died. She grieved and 
despaired, and Robert beat his fists bloody on the wall. Catelyn says that she had 
no idea about this, and Cersei says she will pray for Bran. Catelyn thanks her, and 
Cersei says that "maybe this time the gods will listen." 
 
Jaime approaches Jon, who is at the forge having a sword made. He talks to Jon 
about the Night's Watch, and is openly mocking them. Jon says that "we've 
guarded the realm for thousand of years." Jaime asks if Jon's taken his vows yet, to 
which he says he hasn't. Jaime shakes Jon's hand and offers his thanks for his 
services, clearly being sarcastic. 
 
Jon visits Arya, who is packing her clothes away. She complains about it, and is 
annoyed when her direwolf Nymeria refuses to help her. Jon gives her the sword 
he had made for her. It's a small rapier, so it can only stab, not slash. He tells Arya 
that the first lesson of swordfighting is "stick them with the pointy end." She and 



Jon say how they will miss each other, and hug. Arya names her sword Needle, in 
mocking of Sansa and her needlework. 
 
Jon visits Bran to say goodbye, but Catelyn shows him disdain and coldness. Jon 
ignores her and tells the comatose Bran that he's going north with Uncle Benjen to 
join the Night's Watch, and that Bran can visit him when he wakes up. Catelyn tells 
Jon to leave, and Eddard enters the room. Jon leaves, and Ned approaches Cat, 
who tells of when he rode south to war with Robert and came back with another 
woman's son. She expresses frustration that now he is riding south again. Ned tells 
her that he has to, as it's his duty. Cat says that men always use that excuse. Ned 
tells Cat that she has to be strong, and leaves. 
 
As Jon readies his horse, Robb approaches. He asks if Jon said goodbye to Bran, 
and if Cat was kind towards him. Jon says that she was, and Robb is clearly 
relieved. They saw farewell and part ways. 
 
Maester Luwin visits Cat and tells her that she has to look over the accounts, since 
the royal visit cost them quite a bit of money. She dismisses this, and says she 
doesn't care about it. Robb enters and says that he'll handle it. Luwin is grateful 
and leaves. Robb tells Catelyn that she's been at Bran's side for weeks, and that 
Rickon needs her, since he doesn't understand what is happening. Robb sees a fire 
outside, and rushes out of the room. As Catelyn looks out the window, an assassin 
appears in the room. He says that she wasn't supposed to be here, and that killing 
Bran would be a mercy. He takes out a dagger, and Catelyn lunges at him. They 
struggle for a bit, and the dagger bites into her hand. He slaps her, and she falls. 
The assassin moves towards Bran, but is attacked by Summer, Bran's direwolf. 
Summer rips out the man's throat and lies down on the bed by Bran. 
 
Catelyn explores the tower that Bran fell from, and notices a long golden hair on 
the ground. 
 
In the godswood, Catelyn confides with Robb, Theon, Luwin and Rodrik that she 
believes Bran was thrown from the tower, rather than falling. She suspects the 
Lannisters are behind this, since they already have reason to suspect their loyalty. 
Rodrik shows them the dagger the assassin used, which was Valaryian Steel, too 
expensive and rare for such a man to wield. Catelyn tells them that she will ride to 
King's Landing to tell Ned about what happened. Robb offers to go in her stead, 
but she tells him that "there must always be a Stark in Winterfell." Ser Rodrik 
offers to go with her, and she agrees. When Robb asks her about Bran, she says 
that she's been praying for him for a month, and that he's in the gods' hands now. 
She visits Bran one last time and kisses his forehead before leaving. 
 
The Kingsroad 
 



On a hill near Winterfell, having just recently left, Eddard approaches Jon. He tells 
him that there's great honor in serving in the Night's Watch, and that the Starks 
have manned the Wall for years. Jon asks if his mother knows about him, and what 
he's going to do. Eddard appears pained at the question, and tells him that when 
they see each other next, he'll tell Jon about his mother. They part ways, and Jon 
rides towards Benjen and Tyrion, going north to the Wall. 
 
Ned and Robert make camp and have lunch. Robert says that he wishes they could 
just leave everyone behind and travel the roads by themselves. Eddard says that he 
should have asked him years ago. Robert tells him that they had wars to win and 
women to marry. Robert and Ned reminisce on the old days, and women that they 
knew. When Robert asks Ned about the name of Jon's mother, Eddard grows quiet 
and says that he doesn't wish to tell Robert. The king says Ned is too hard on 
himself. He shows Ned a letter he received, which informs them of Daenerys 
Targaryen marrying Khal Drogo. When Robert suggests they send an assassin after 
her, Ned says that she's little more than a girl. Robert says that soon she'll give 
birth to a son, and that son will bind the Dothraki to attacking Westeros. Ned says 
he isn't worried, since the Dothraki are known for not sailing oceans. Robert says 
that there are still those in Westeros that call him usurper, and that he senses a war 
is coming. 
 
Jon, Tyrion and Benjen make camp, and Jon stares at the new recruits that are 
going to the Wall. Tyrion says that they're rapists, and that Jon must feel proud to 
be serving in such an order. Jon asks Tyrion why he reads so much. Tyrion tells 
him that "my brother has his sword, and I have me books, and a mind needs books 
like a sword needs a whetstone." Tyrion asks Jon about his life, and Jon gets 
irritated when Tyrion calls him 'bastard.' Tyrion tells him about his responsibilities 
to his family, and how his brother Jaime was the youngest Kingsguard knight in 
history. Jon points out that Jaime then killed that king, and Tyrion agrees, saying 
that life is full of little ironies like that. Tyrion tells Jon that the Night's Watch isn't 
anything to take seriously, and that Jon is smart enough to realize that. 
 
The king's party has stopped at the Inn of the Crossroads. Sansa explores with her 
direwolf Lady, and is scared when Ser Illyn Payne appears. She tries to talk to him, 
but he doesn't answer. Sandor Clegane approaches and tells her that the Mad King 
had his tongue ripped out years ago. Joffrey then appears and says that Ser Illyn is 
the king's justice, aka the royal executioner. Joffrey asks Sansa if she wishes to 
walk with him, and she agrees, telling Lady to stay. 
 
As they explore the forest, they find Arya fighting with wooden swords with the 
butcher's boy. Arya tells them to go away, but they approach. Joffrey takes out his 
sword and starts taunting the butcher's boy, Mhyca. Joffrey tells him that he isn't a 
real knight, and raises his sword to the boy's face. Arya begs Joffrey not to hurt 
him, and Joffrey says that he won't hurt him... much. He slices the boy's cheek with 



his sword. Arya picks up a large stick and hits Joffrey across the back. He screams 
and runs after her. She falls over and he points his sword at her, threatening to kill 
her. Arya's direwolf Nymeria jumps on Joffrey and starts tearing at his arm. Arya 
picks up Joffrey's sword and holds it to Joffrey's face. Nymeria runs away, and 
Arya throws Joffrey's sword in the river before following her direwolf. Sansa 
rushes over to Joffrey and offers to help him. He is angry and ashamed. 
 
Arya tells Nymeria to run away, since if she is caught she will be killed for 
attacking Joffrey. When Nymeria doesn't move, Arya picks up a rock and throws it 
at her. It hits Nymeria, and she runs away. 
 
That night, Eddard and his men search the forest for Arya. Jory Cassel approaches 
Ned and tells him that Arya has been found by the Lannisters and taken before the 
king. Eddard orders all of his men back to the inn. 
 
Eddard pushes past all of the Lannister soldiers and embraces Arya, who begs his 
forgiveness. Ned demands to know why Arya wasn't taken to him first. Cersei 
warns Eddard about his tone, but Robert shuts her up and apologizes to Ned. 
Cersei and Joffrey accuse Arya and the butcher's boy of attacking Joffrey after he 
was bitten by Nymeria. Arya denies this, and says Joffrey is lying. Cersei calls 
Sansa forwards, who is asked what happened. She tells them that she can't 
remember. Arya calls her a liar and attacks her sister. Eddard pulls them apart, and 
Cersei demands that she be punished. Eddard agrees to discipline Arya, and Robert 
says he'll do the same for Joffrey. They are about to leave when Cersei demands to 
know what will become of the direwolf that attacked Joffrey. A Lannister soldier 
says that they can't find the wolf. Cersei says that they have another one chained 
outside, but Sansa and Arya point out that that's Lady, not Nymeria, and that Lady 
is innocent. Sansa begs Ned not to let them kill her. Ned asks Robert what his 
decision is, but the king just leaves and doesn't say anything. Cersei orders Illyn 
Payne to kill the direwolf, but Eddard says he'll do it himself, since the wolf is of 
the north, and deserves a better death. 
 
As he leaves the inn, Eddard passes Sandor Clegane, who has the corpse of the 
butcher's boy slung over the back on his horse. Clegane tells Eddard that the boy 
ran, but not fast enough. Ned kneels before Lady and pats her before taking out his 
dagger and killing the direwolf. 
 
Back in Winterfell, Bran wakes up. 

 

S1, Ep3 

Lord Snow 



•  Lord Stark and his daughters arrive at King's Landing. Jaime greets him, but 
manages to remind him about his brother's and father's deaths and that 500 men 
stood and watched. Stark asks if Lannister tells himself he was doing justice when 
he stabbed the Mad King Aerys Targaryen in the back, to avenge Ned's father. 
 
Stark meets Lord Petyr Baelish, who knew his brother Brandon. Brandon cut him 
down his middle, fighting for Catelyn Stark, Ned's wife. Grand Maester Pycelle, 
the king's counselor, and Varys, a eunuch, are also there. They plan to start the 
meeting without the king. 
 
They've been commanded to stage a tournament in honor of Stark being named 
Hand of the King. They mention the cost and Baelish says the crown is already 6 
million in debt. They tell him the king doesn't always listen to advice about such 
things. 
 
Ned is appalled at the money mismanagement and wants to do away with the 
tournament. 
 
Cersei treats her son's wounds. He whines that the direwolf attacked him and all he 
did was scream. He's embarrassed the Stark girls saw it. She corrects him that he 
fought the wolf off and killed it. She tells him he'll be king and get to write his own 
stories. 
 
He asks if he has to marry Sansa. His mother says yes, but that he only has to see 
her once in a while. "If you'd rather f--- painted whores, you'll f---- painted 
whores," she tells her young son. "You are my darling boy and the world will be 
exactly at you'd like it to be." 
 
He thinks the people to the north should be taxed more and be forced to give up 
troops for the army. She explains the north cannot be held, it's too big and too wild. 
Part of being king is knowing when to fight and when to prepare against an enemy. 
"So you agree, Starks are enemies?" he asks "Anyone who isn't us are enemies," 
she says. 
 
At breakfast, Arya vents about the prince being a liar. She blames her sister Sansa 
for not telling the truth. Ned brings Sansa a doll, but she only fumes that she hasn't 
played with dolls since she was eight. 
 
Later, Ned visits Arya in her room, where she is playing with her sword from Jon 
Snow. Ned asks where she got it. She calls it "Needle." 
 
She tells her dad she asked Micah, the butcher's boy, to practice with her. She says 
she hates the Hound and the king and queen. 
 



Ned explains that Sansa has to take Joffrey's side, even when he's wrong. He 
reminds her of the Stark's words "Winter is coming." He warns her they have to 
protect each other. He says they've come to a dangerous place and cannot fight a 
war amongst themselves. 
 
He lets her keep the sword. 
 
Bran lies in bed as his nanny tells him about "a night that lasted a generation." She 
says the White Walkers came in that darkness for the first time, with their spiders 
"as big as hounds." 
 
Robb drops by. Bran doesn't remember anything. He says he fell. He's paralyzed. 
He says he'd rather be dead. 
 
Catelyn rides into King's Landing and is met by riders, instructing her to follow 
them. She finds she was summoned by Baelish. 
 
"You little worm!" she yells at being summoned to a brothel. Varys told her she 
was coming, but is evasive when asked how he knew. Varys asks to see the dagger 
but says he doesn't know who it belongs to. 
 
Baelish says it's his, but he lost it at a tournament -- to Tyrion Lannister, the imp. 
 
At the Wall, Jon Snow practices his sword work with other men and beats them all. 
Commander Mormont and Tyrion watch. He hands over a message brought by 
raven about Bran. 
 
Ned also gets a message. Baelish comes in and suggests he share the news with his 
wife. 
 
Ned takes him to the whorehouse where he's keeping her. 
 
After the practice, the one who got the worst of it from Jon jumps him with some 
friends. They hold a knife to his throat and threaten to throw him over the wall. 
Tyrion interrupts and suggest he'll tell his sister, the Queen, about it. 
 
Jon is upset that his father left him to rot at the Wall, not what he expected. Tyrion 
explains the men who were just trying to kill him didn't end up there by choice 
either. He points out they're not trained like him. 
 
Petyr promises he'll help the Starks, but asks them not to tell anyone. Cate says he's 
like a little brother to her and is a true friend. 
 
Jaime visits his sister, who is worried about Bran talking. He says he'll kill Bran if 



he remembers, as he wraps her in a not-so-brotherly embrace. 
 
Ned tells his wife he can't do anything about the Lannisters without proof, but once 
he gets it, he'll go to the king. He sends her back to Winterfell. 
 
The king talks to a knight about their first kills. He remembers killing a Tully on 
the battlefield. He mocks Lancel Lannister, the boy who waits on him with wine. 
He's Jaime's cousin. 
 
The king calls for Jaime. He complains about being surrounded by Lannisters. The 
king mocks Jaime for having to stand sentry for him. The king is sauced. He asks 
about Jaime's first kill, an outlaw. 
 
He asks about what the Mad King Aerys Targaryen said before Jaime killed him. 
 
"He said the same thing he'd been saying for hours: Burn them all," Jaime says. 
 
The Dothraki continue on their trek. Jorah explains most of the Dothraki slaves are 
given as gift by cities they conquer. Daenerys sees a Dorthraki whack a slave and 
commands the entire horde to stop. Jorah says she's learning to talk like a Khalessi. 
 
She walks into the woods, but Viserys tracks her down, fuming at her for giving 
commands. He takes out his sword and tells her he gives the commands. 
 
Suddenly, there's a lasso around his neck and a kahl has him choking on the 
ground. Her subjects ask her what to do with her brother and she commands that he 
be let go. 
 
Viserys gets up incensed and commands Jorah to kill the man who attacked him, 
but he looks at Daenerys and suggests they return to the hordes. 
 
Viserys is left there, commanded to walk. 
 
Jon Snow rides an elevator-like contraption up to the top of the great Wall. It's 
freezing and desolate. He finds Benjen Stark, his uncle. 
 
They survey the impressive landscape below. Benjen announces he's leaving. As 
the First Ranger he has to go beyond the Wall and investigate "disturbing reports." 
He tells Jon he can't go because he's not a Ranger yet. 
 
Tyrion shares drinks with the man responsible for bringing recruits to the Wall. 
Benjen interrupts and takes affront at Tyrion taking the Wall work lightly. 
 
Tyrion says he admires Benjen, but he doesn't believe in the stories of giants and 



White Walkers beyond the Wall. Benjen says Tyrion has never been north of the 
wall, so he has no right to talk. 
 
Tyrion suggests he and the recruiter share the road back to King's Landing. 
 
Daenerys practices her Dorthraki. Her lady in waiting notices her body looks 
different. Daenerys is pregnant. 
 
Jorah talks with the khal who took on Viserys earlier, they share war stories. 
 
Daenerys' lady in waiting comes in and announces the Khalessi wants to eat 
something different for dinner. She tells them Daenerys is pregnant. 
 
Jorah announces he has to go give someone the news. 
 
At the Wall, Tyrion watches approvingly as Jon Snow teaches his fellow Wall 
fighters some moves. 
 
Tyrion hears the Wall doesn't have enough resources to defend against the north. 
They want him to tell Cersei they need help. They're worried that winter is coming. 
 
Daenerys lies in bed with Khal Drogo and tells him it's a boy. She's sure. 
 
Jon Snow asks Tyrion to tell Bran he misses him. 
 
Arya arrives for her sword lesson. Her teacher calls her "boy" and corrects her 
posture and grip. He takes her seriously and talks about how to sword fight. He 
challenges her to strike him. 
 
She lunges and flails, but he fends her off. She keeps at it. 
 
Ned watches approvingly, and then starts to imagine real swords and becomes 
alarmed with foreboding. 

 

S1, Ep4 

Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things 

•  Bran follows a raven through the empty courtyard. He's walking. He follows it 
until he's close enough to see it has three eyes. 
 
He wakes up in bed with his direwolf on his bed and old nanny at his bedside. 
Theon Grey Joy, the ward of Ned Stark, tells Bran his brother Robb is there to 
visit. 



 
Tyrion pays a visit to Robb and is put out that he's not greeted more warmly. 
Someone carries Bran in to see Tyrion. Maester Luwin reiterates that Bran didn't 
see anything when he fell. 
 
Tyrion gives Bran drawings for a saddle that he can ride without use of his legs. 
 
"I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things," Tyrion 
says. 
 
But he wants none of Robb's false hospitalities, opting instead for the brothel 
outside Winterfell. 
 
Outside, Tyrion demands of Theon where Lady Stark is. He mocks Theon for 
being a captive, asking what his father would think to see him. He brings up his 
brothers' murders and his family's fall from power, then sets off to visit the whores. 
 
At the Wall, Samwell Tarley of Hornwill arrives to "take the black." [robes of the 
Night's Watch] but he's quickly knocked off his feet. Jon watches as he's whacked 
mercilessly, even after he yields. Jon steps in to protect Sam. 
 
As punishment, Jon is ordered to take on three guys at once. He makes short work 
of them. 
 
Even after the impressive display, he's ordered to go clean the armory. 
 
Sam picks himself up and Jon and the guys tell him he has to defend himself. Sam 
admits that he's a coward. He's still grateful to Jon for defending him. 
 
Khal Drogo leads the Dothraki to the City of the Horse Lords. Viserys says it's a 
city of mud and refers to the Dothraki as "savages." 
 
Daenerys says they're her people now and he shouldn't call them that, but he insists 
they're his people and his army. 
 
Daenerys privately asks Jorah if the Dorthraki could beat the seven kingdoms. He 
says Ned wants his head for selling slaves. Jorah says he had an expensive wife, 
but she's in another place with another man. 
 
Viserys gets a spongebath from Daenerys's sex teacher, who asks if he has dragon's 
blood. He tells her the breath of the greatest dragon forged the iron throne and 
brave men rode them. 
 
She's very impressed by dragons. 



 
She claims she saw a man who could change his face and a pirate who wore his 
weight in gold. 
 
Viserys says the last dragon died years before he was born, but he's seen their 
skulls approaching the Iron Throne. He recites dragon names as foreplay. 
 
She asks what happened to the skulls. 
 
He quickly turns on her for bumming him out and suspiciously asks what he 
bought her for. She stops talking and starts grinding. 
 
Sansa gets a tour of the Iron Throne. She worries what would happen if she only 
has girls. She thinks everyone would hate her. She thinks Joffrey hates her. Her 
nanny distracts her with history lessons. 
 
Sansa asks about her grandfather and uncle being killed in the hall, on the order of 
the Mad King. When her nanny tells her to ask her dad, she says she's not speaking 
to him. 
 
Ned and the King's Council hear a report that the city is having a hard time keeping 
the peace in the build up to the tournament he doesn't want. 
 
When they break, Ned asks Grand Maester Pycelle what happened to Lord Arryn. 
He says the sickness struck him very hard, and fast. He asked about a book the 
night he died. Pycelle shows him the book on the lineage and houses of the 
kingdoms of the seven kings. Ned reads the detailed birth records. Ned wonders 
what Arryn wanted with it, but Pycelle doesn't know. 
 
He tells him Arryn kept saying "the seed is strong" before he died. 
 
Ned asks if Pycelle is certain he died of a natural illness. Ned suggests poison, a 
woman's method. Pycelle suggests it's also the method of eunuchs and mentions 
Varys. 
 
Ned takes the book and finds Arya balancing on one foot at the top of a step, per 
her sword instructor's teachings. 
 
She asks if Bran is coming to live with them. 
 
She asks what he can do now, and what she can do. Her dad tells her she'll marry 
and her sons will be knights and princes and lords. 
 
"No, that's not me," she says, and gets back to practicing. 



 
On the Wall, Sam joins Jon to serve as his new watch partner. He's afraid of 
heights. Jon asks what Sam's doing there. 
 
His father was embarrassed by him and sent him away, under threat of a death in 
the woods that would look like an accident if he didn't go. 
 
Sam worries he'll be made to fight again. Jon assures him he at least can't get any 
worse. 
 
Petyr mentions Ser Hugh, Arryn's squire to Ned. As they walk among the 
courtyard, Petyr mentions all the spies about, reporting back to Varys, the Queen 
and Petyr himself. 
 
Petyr suggests Ned get someone to inquire to an armorer in the village about a visit 
he got from Ser Hugh. 
 
When Hugh refuses to talk to Ned's man, Ned goes to see the armorer himself. Ned 
talks to Gendry, who Lord Arryn talked to. Gendry says Arryn asked about his 
mother, who she was and what she looked like. Gendry said she had yellow hair 
but died when he was little. 
 
Ned seems to see something in him. 
 
He tells his man that Gendry is King Robert's bastard son. 
 
Ned's man finds Jaime Lannister outside King Robert's door, listening to him 
carouse with four women. Jaime says Robert does this when he's on duty, as an 
insult to his sister. 
 
Ned's man reminds Jaime they fought side by side at the Siege of Pike. Ned's man 
wants to leave a message from Lord Stark, but Jaime snarls that he doesn't serve 
Lord Stark. 
 
Back at the Wall, Jon Snow defends Sam against mockery from the other guys. He 
tells them they're not going to hurt Sam in the training yard, no matter what Thorn 
says. 
 
One guy mocks Jon, saying he'll cut Sam up. 
 
Later, Jon and the boys pay him a visit at night. They put a gag in his mouth and 
the white dire wolf snarls at him, and Jon tells him no one touches Sam. 
 
Later in the yard, Thorn commands the man to attack Sam, but the man only pokes 



at him weakly. Thorn sends another guy in and he promptly takes a dive. Thorn 
goes after Jon, then turns and asks the men if they want a "sniveling boy" to protect 
their back. 
 
Viserys drags the whore in by her hair and scolds Daenyrs for sending her to him. 
 
She says she only wanted to invite him to dinner and show him some Dothraki gear 
she had made for him. He snarls about her trying to turn him into one of them and 
throws her to the ground, insulting her. 
 
She whacks him with a gold chain, then gets up and tells him she is the Khalessi 
and the wife of a great warrior. She stands up to him. 
 
"The next time you raise a hand to me will be the last time you have hands," she 
warns him. 
 
At the Wall, Jon and Sam scrub tables as Sam complains that they have to be 
celibate to guard the wall. Sam confesses he's never been with a woman. Jon says 
he hasn't either. 
 
He says he was alone in a room with a naked girl once, a whore named Roz. But he 
reminds Sam he's a bastard who knows nothing about his mother. He thought of 
that and could only think what would happen if he got her pregnant and she had 
"another bastard named Snow." 
 
Thorn comes and growls at them. He asks if they remember the last winter. He 
spent six months beyond the Wall during the last winter. He tells them about 
getting caught unprotected in the weather. First they ate the horses, then each 
other. He says they should have had boys like Sam along. 
 
He tells them they're not ready to be Men of the Night's Watch. "Come the winter, 
you'll die, like flies," he says. 
 
Daenerys frets to Jorah about hitting her brother. She admits she doesn't want to 
see him on the throne. She doesn't think he could take back the Seven Kingdoms. 
"He couldn't lead an army even if my husband gave him one. He'll never take us 
home," she says. 
 
At a jousting match in Ned's honor, Sansa tries to make eyes at Joffrey but is 
rebuffed. Petyr chats up Sansa. 
 
King Robert drunkenly, and impatiently demands the joust begin. 
 
Ser Hugh of the Vale, Arryn's former squire, is taking on Gregor the Mountain, the 



Hound's larger brother. 
 
They race at each other and miss on the first pass. 
 
But on the second pass the former squire gets a lance through the jugular. Sansa 
and Arya shriek as the man gurgles in his blood and dies before them. 
 
Petyr tells Sansa a story about when the Mountain and the Hound were boys. 
Gregor found his little brother playing with his wooden knight one evening by the 
fire, so without a word Gregor held The Hound's face in the fire, giving him gnarly 
scars he still bears. Petyr warns Sansa that few people know that story and if The 
Hound knew she did, no one could save her. 
 
Cersei pays Ned a visit during the tournament. She suggests they put "the ugliness" 
with the wolves behind them. She says killing the wolf was a bit extreme. 
 
He cuts to the chase, asking what she's doing there. 
 
She says he won't be able to change the king. 
 
She says it makes sense, Ned's older brother was trained to lead and he was trained 
to follow. 
 
"I was also trained to kill my enemies, your grace," he says. 
 
"As was I," she says, and leaves. 
 
In a pub on the road, Catelyn hides her face as Tyrion comes in, but he sees her. 
 
He outs her in front of the commoners, but she reminds them she was Catelyn 
Tully last time she stayed there. She picks out men by their cudgels, pointing out 
for Tyrion's benefit that she knows everyone there and inquiring about their 
families. 
 
Then she turns on the room and announces that Tyrion came into her house as a 
guest and conspired to murder her son. She calls upon the crowd to seize him and 
return him to Winterfell to await the King's justice. 
 
All the men in the room draw their swords on Tyrion, who is trapped. 

 

S1, Ep5 

The Wolf and the Lion 



•  After the joust, Ned visits the dead body of Ser Hugh. He wonders who 
determined the uneven draw. 
 
He and Ser Bannister talk about their admiration for Ned's father. 
 
Ned is bothered that Hugh was a squire until a few months ago and was now 
wearing a fancy suit of armor. Where did he get the money to afford such finery? 
 
Ned visits King Robert trying to squeeze into his suit of armor. Robert taunts his 
squire cousin Lannister, sending him on a fool's errand to look for a "breast plate 
stretcher". Ned tries to explain to his king that anyone he jousts with will let him 
win. 
 
Robert explains Cersei made him take the young Lannister on as a squire. He's 
drunk, as usual, and Ned has to remind him to get dressed before he goes back out. 
 
At the next match, Ser Loras Tyrell, the effeminate Knight of the Flowers, presents 
one to Sansa but makes eyes at Lord Renly Baratheon (the king's brother). He's up 
against Ser Gregor, "the Mountain." Sansa worries that the knight is toast. 
 
Instead, they race at each other and Loras wins, knocking the Mountain of a man 
down to everyone's surprise. Loras used a bit of trickery by riding a mare in heat 
which agitated the stallion that Gregor was on. 
 
Petyr makes a crack about Loras' being gay, but before that goes any further a very 
angry Gregor picks up his giant sword and cleanly beheads his losing horse. 
 
Then he goes after the man who beat him, but soon his brother The Hound steps in. 
They fight until the King calls a stop to it. 
 
Ser Loras Tyrell thanks him for saving his life and lifts the Hound's hand in 
victory. 
 
A tied-up Tyrion Lannister is brought before Catelyn Stark. They're not on the 
King's Road, to Westeros. He realizes they're going to the Vale, to her sister's. 
Tyrion says her sister is a bit "touched." 
 
Tyrion asks what kind of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade.They're 
interrupted by rocks flying out of the hills and an attacking horde. 
 
Catelyn and Tyrion duck for cover and she acquiesces to his request that she untie 
him. He's about to jump on a horse when he sees Lady Stark is about to be 
attacked. He steps in with a shield and whacks her attacker, knocking him down. 
He beats him senseless, pounding his face to a bloody pulp. 



 
When it is over only a handful of Lady Stark's people remain. One of them looks at 
Tyrion appreciatively and suggests that after a fight they need a woman. Tyrion 
glances at Catelyn and jokes "I'm willing if she is." 
 
At Winterfell, Bran practices his recitations of the Houses, their sigils and their 
words with Maester Luwin. He deliberately errs on the Lannister motto. Bran is 
hurt that his mother left. 
 
He watches Theon Greyjoy practice archery and wonders if he'll ever shoot again. 
Luwin says if he can ride a horse he should be able to fire arrows from the saddle 
too. 
 
Later, Theon enjoys the company of Ros, the best hooker in town... as he is seen 
having rough sex with her from behind. After they finish, he compares himself to 
Tyrion, then brags about the House of Greyjoy. The whore reminds him he's Ned 
Stark's ward because his father rebelled against King Robert. 
 
Varys the eunuch has a private moment with Ned, telling him the king is a "fool" 
and "doomed" unless Ned saves him. After a month, Varys finally trusts him. He 
says the King is at risk from the same thing that got to Jon Arryn, a clear tasteless 
poison. He says someone he trusted gave it to him. Ned guesses it was Ser Hugh. 
Ned asks who paid him and why, after Arryn had been the hand for 17 years. "He 
started asking questions," Varys says. 
 
Arya chases a cat down into the cellar and overhears Varys telling someone that 
Ned is getting closer to the truth. He mentions "the fools tried to kill his son," but 
botched it. "We will be at war soon," Varys says. The man he's talking to (Illyrio) 
suggests another hand could die, but Varys says Ned isn't like Arryn. Illyrio says 
Khal Drogo won't attack until his son is born. 
 
Varys slinks up on Petyr in the throne room. Petyr invites him to visit his brothel 
and they use the conversation to show off who knows more about various unnamed 
people's sexual peccadilloes. Who's got more intel and dirt. 
 
Varys lets Petyr know he has eyes on him. He mentions that it would be bad if 
word got out that he helped convince Ned that the Lannisters were behind the 
injury to Bran. 
 
He thinks he has the upper hand, but then Petyr mentions he saw him talking with 
Ned that morning and then later with a certain "foreign dignitary" (Illyrio... the 
man from the first episode with Daenerys and Viserys). 
 
"Of course you would have friends from across the Narrow Sea," Petyr says. He 



mentions vaguely how bad it would be if that word got out. 
 
They're interrupted by Lord Renly. 
 
Varys says there's disturbing news from far away. "Hadn't you heard?" he taunts. 
 
Arya follows the secret exit from the castle out onto the shore and back into the 
castle. Two guards think she's a beggar boy, but she threatens to turn them over to 
her dad. 
 
She tells Ned what she heard. She's not sure who said it but she thinks one was fat. 
She relays that they said he found the bastard and something about a savage and 
about the wolf fighting the lion. 
 
They're interrupted by a Night's Watchman, looking for recruits. He says he came 
for Benjen's sake and that the whole city will know by tomorrow. 
 
He wants to speak in private. He tells Ned that his wife has "taken the imp." 
 
Catelyn runs into Lady Arryn's guards. She identifies Tyrion as her prisoner and 
they head off to the Eyrie. 
 
Ned is summoned to see the king and the council; Robert has just learned Daenerys 
is pregnant. He wants her and her baby and her brother Viserys killed. Ned argues 
that would make them no better than the Mad King and questions where Varys got 
his information. He says Jorah Mormont told him. Ned mocks that the information 
came from a traitor. Ned isn't worried about the Dothraki crossing the Narrow Sea. 
King Robert is apoplectic. Maester Pycelle argues killing her might stave off war. 
The council is all for it, but Ned tells the king he won't do it. The King tells him to 
do as he commands or he'll find a Hand who will. Ned removes his sigil and 
resigns. The king bellows at him, running him off back to Winterfell. 
 
Back in his room, Ned packs furiously. Petyr visits, saying if Ned stick around 
until night he'll take him to see the last person Jon Arryn spoke with before he fell 
ill. Ned orders his daughters protected as he goes with Petyr. 
 
At Lady Lysa Arryn's, Tyrion and Catelyn try not to stare as Lysa, Jon Arryn's 
widow, nurses her much-too-old-for-nursing son, Robin. Lysa rants about all 
Lannisters being liars. Robin wants to see him "fly." 
 
Catelyn reminds her nutty sister that Tyrion is her prisoner. The men of the Vale 
take Tyrion to a dungeon that opens up to open sky and shows just how impossibly 
high up they are. 
 



Renly complains to his lover Loras that his brother the king doesn't consider him a 
man because he hasn't been to war. He thinks Robert will forgive Ned. He thinks 
killing Daenerys is the way to go. Renly thinks Robert became king because he 
was good at killing things. Loras suggests that Renly would make a better king, 
even though he doesn't love killing, because he does what is necessary, including 
killing, when it's best for the kingdom; the people love him because he cares for 
them. 
 
Cersei gloats to King Robert about Ned leaving. Robert worries about the 
Dorthraki crossing the sea. She reminds him Dothraki don't sail. But he's still 
worried about their skilled, united army, and realizes their kingdom is only loosely 
united. He wonders what keeps their back-stabbing kingdom together. "Our 
marriage," she suggests. They share a good laugh. "How long can hate hold a thing 
together?" he asks. "Well, 17 years is quite a long time," she says. Cersei asks what 
"she" was like, the first time she's ever asked. She says there's no harm Lyanna 
Stark's memory could do what they haven't done to each other already. Robert 
responds with, "someone took her away from me and Seven Kingdoms couldn't fill 
the hole she left behind." Cersei says she felt something for him once, before their 
first boy died. She asks if he feels the same. No. But that doesn't make her feel 
anything. 
 
Ned meets with the mother of King Robert's illegitimate daughter. She says Jon 
Arryn only wanted to know if the baby was happy. Ned asks Petyr why Arryn 
tracked down all the king's bastards. He doesn't really have the answer. 
 
Jamie Lannister rides up outside the brothel. He asks Ned what happened to 
Tyrion. Ned says he was taken on his command. Jamie draws his sword. He orders 
Ned taken alive and his men killed. Jory fights Jaime, who draws a dagger and 
stabs him through the eye. Jaime and Ned fight fiercely, Jaime gaining the upper-
hand on the older Stark, until one of Jaime's men skewers Ned through the back of 
the leg. Frustrated Jaime responds by knocking his own man out. 
 
"My brother, Lord Stark, I want him back," Jaime says and rides off. 

 

S1, Ep6 

A Golden Crown 

•  Ned wakes up to find Robert and Cersei standing over him as he convalesces 
from his leg wound from the assault by Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau). 
 
"Do you know what your wife has done?" Cersei says. 
 
He says Catelyn did as he commanded. 



 
Cersei and Ned argue. Robert referees between the two and says "Will both of you 
shut your mouths?" 
 
Cersei alleges Ned was coming back drunk from a brothel and Jaime only 
defended himself. Ned says Jaime slaughtered his men. He wants to track him 
down and bring him to justice. 
 
Robert says to Cersei, "Quiet woman." She says "I took you for a king." Robert 
says "Hold your tongue." She replies "He's attacked one of my brothers and 
abducted the other. I should wear the armor, and you the gown." Robert slaps her. 
She replies "I shall wear this like a badge of honor." He replies "Wear it in silence 
or I'll honor you again." 
 
After she leaves, Ned says if they do nothing there will be a war. Robert, ashamed 
that he allowed his wife to goad him into striking her, tells Ned to send a raven to 
Catelyn to tell her to free Tyrion. 
 
Ned wants Jaime to answer for killing his men, but Robert says he has to let it go 
because he's half a kingdom in debt to the Lannisters. He doesn't want to know 
what started everything between them. 
 
He considers Ned like a brother and gives him back the pin of the Hand. Robert's 
off to hunt, leaving Ned to sit on the throne. Robert still insists that Daenerys and 
her unborn child will die. 
 
In her tent, Daenerys lays her dragon egg on the fire. She lifts it out with her bare 
hands, reaching into the fire, unhurt. A servant touches the egg much more briefly - 
and IS burned. 
 
Bran follows a raven through Winterfell, walking after it with his bow. It has three 
eyes as before. He's woken up from the dream by someone bursting into his room 
with his new, specially crafted saddle. 
 
Robb and Theon Greyjoy watch him ride. Theon thinks Robb needs to avenge his 
father being wounded by Jaime; Robb shuts him down by reminding Theon it's not 
his house. They lose track of Bran. 
 
Out in the forest, Bran is approached by two wildlings and a deserter of the Night's 
Watch. They want Bran's horse and his silver. He tells them who he is and they 
talk about ransoming him. 
 
Robb finds them and kills one quickly with his sword. He gets a hold of the woman 
and is about to cut her throat when he sees the other man has Bran and is holding a 



knife to his throat. 
 
The man demands he release the woman. Bran tells him not to. As Robb is about to 
let the woman go, an arrow flies through the man's back. A stealthy Theon has 
struck him down. 
 
They see Bran was cut on the leg when he was cut out of his special saddle, but he 
says it doesn't hurt. Robb is upset Theon killed the man when Bran was in his line 
of fire, but Theon says he was just doing what needed to be done. They let the 
woman live, and she pledges to serve them. 
 
Tyrion wakes up in the aerie, perilously close to the edge. He yells for the guard, 
who comes and beats him in response to his bribe attempt. 
 
Arya tells Syrio (her "dancing instructor") she doesn't want to practice. She's upset 
that they killed Jory and that her father is injured. Syrio says upset is the right time 
to fight. He whacks her on the arm and pokes her in the chest with his wooden 
sword to provoke her. She fights back. 
 
Daenerys takes part in a pregnancy celebration ceremony that requires her to eat a 
whole horse heart. Her brother Viserys looks on and doesn't think she'll get through 
it. 
 
Jorah translates what the Dothraki are chanting, about a prince coming. They all 
think she's having a boy. Viserys sniffs that he won't be a true Targaryen. 
 
Daenerys convulses and bends over, fighting off the urge to vomit. The room falls 
silent and waits to see if she's going to keep it down. 
 
She pauses and swallows. They cheer. 
 
She addresses the crowd, telling them in Dothraki that a prince rides inside her and 
he shall be called Rhaego. They all start chanting and a furious Viserys realizes the 
Dothraki love her. 
 
Khal Drago picks her up proudly and carries her around the room. 
 
Jorah sees that Viserys has disappeared. He finds him in Dani's tent, stealing her 
dragon eggs, which he claims also belong to him. He wants to buy an army. He's 
realized he'll never have the respect his sister does. 
 
Viserys tells Jorah he knows he wants Daenerys and he doesn't care. He wants to 
pass, but Jorah won't let him, saying loyalty means everything to him. 
 



Back in the aerie, Tyrion goes on another round of yelling. The guard comes in and 
hits him. He wants to know where his gold is. He mentions the phrases 'rich as a 
Lannister' and 'a Lannister always pays his debts.' He wants the guard to send a 
message to Lady Arryn. He says he wishes to confess his crimes. 
 
Tyrion stands before Catelyn, Lady Arryn and Lord Robin Arryn and a court. He 
confesses to lying and whoring and various pranks when he was a youth, including 
stealing a womans clothes when she was bathing. He says he doesn't know 
anything about hiring someone to kill Bran. 
 
He demands a trial. They open the moon door, a hole in the floor, saying he'll go 
out it if found guilty by Lord Robin, the child. 
 
Tyrion demands a trial by combat instead. Various knights volunteer to fight him 
but one says it wouldn't be right to fight someone half his size. Tyrion suggests 
Jaime fight in his place instead, but Lady Arryn is impatient and wants the trial 
today. 
 
So Tyrion asks for a volunteer. There's a long silence when one of the man who 
fought on the road with him stands up. 
 
Out on the hunt, Robert leads Lord Renly and some men through the woods, raving 
about the good old days. Renly wonders what was so great about the kingdom 
being at war and the Mad King slaughtering women and children. 
 
In court, a peasant tells Ned about people ransacking their village and raping their 
women. He dumps out a sack of fish, the sigil of House Tully. He says the man 
leading them was taller than anyone he'd ever seen and Ned and Petyr realize 
theyre talking about the Mountain, Ser Gregor, the hand of Lord Tywin Lannister, 
Tyrion's father. Petyr suggests the Lannisters are trying to frame Catelyn as a 
Tully. Even Maester Pycelle thinks people rampaging within the city isn't 
appropriate. 
 
Ned commands a knight to hunt down Ser Gregor and his men. Ned strips him of 
his title, land, holdings and sentences him to death. Pycelle suggests they wait for 
Robert to return before passing such a severe sentence. 
 
But Ned goes further, summoning Tywin to court within a fortnight, or he will be 
branded an enemy of the crown and a traitor to the realm. 
 
After, Petyr wonders if its wise to provoke the Lannisters. Ned has faith in the 
king's army. 
 
In the aerie, Tyrion's man ducks his attacker, and narrowly avoids falling down the 



moon door. He spends more time dodging the knight's advancing sword than he 
does fighting. But he gets a good stick in. Lady Lysa Arryn (Kate Dickie) shouts at 
her man to finish him, but instead, Tyrion's man cuts his leg badly. 
 
Tyrion's man gets the better of him and waits to hear from the crowd whether Lady 
Arryn's man should live or die. They chant no, but he finishes him off. 
 
When it's over, Lady Arryn tells Tyrion's man that he didn't fight with honor. "No," 
he agrees, "he did," he says of his vanquished foe. 
 
Tyrion announces he's going home and goes to reclaim his gold. He gets it and 
hands it to the prison guard on the way out. "A Lannister always pays his debts," 
he says as he leaves. 
 
Sansa sews with her nurse maid, who notes that Sansa has started wearing her hair 
like someone from the south. Sansa is snotty to her. 
 
Joffrey pays her a visit. He says he's behaved monstrously the past few weeks and 
offers her a necklace. 
 
He asks for her forgiveness. She says there's nothing to forgive. He talks about 
them marrying someday and promises he will never disrespect her or be cruel to 
her again. "You're my lady now," he tells her, and kisses her. 
 
Theon finds his favorite whore Roz on a turnip cart on the way to Kings Landing. 
He tosses her money so she'll flash him and shouts that he's going to miss her. 
 
Ned tells Sansa and Arya he's sending them to Winterfell. Sansa doesn't want to 
leave Joffrey and Arya doesn't want to leave her sword instructor. 
 
Ned promises to find Sansa a better match some day. She says wants to be Joffrey's 
queen and give him babies with beautiful blond hair. 
 
Something about this strikes Ned and after the girls leave he goes to the book Jon 
Arryn was consulting before he died. 
 
He reads up on the House of Baratheon, all of whose members had black hair -- 
until Joffrey. 
 
At a Dothraki celebration, Viserys stumbles in drunk looking for his sister. 
Daenerys sends Jorah to stop him. 
 
Khal Drago enjoys watching Viserys get put in his place. He sends him to the back 
of the tent, but Viserys says that's no place for a king. 



 
"You are no king," Drogo says in English. 
 
Viserys draws his sword. Jorah advises him to put it down, but Viserys reminds 
him they can't shed blood in their sacred city, but that he can. He holds his sword 
on Daenerys belly. He says he wants what he came for. I want the crown he 
promised me. He says Drogo bought her, but never paid for her. He threatens to cut 
out her baby and give it to Drogo. 
 
Daenerys translates for Drogo, and tells Viserys he'll have a golden crown that men 
shall tremble to behold. Viserys immediately backs down, saying that's all he 
wanted. 
 
Drogo checks on Daenerys, then has one of his men break Viserys' arm. They hold 
him as Drogo melts gold in a pot over the fire. Daenerys makes no move to save 
her brother, and watches calmly as he pleads with her. 
 
Drogo takes the melted gold and pours it over Viserys' head, killing him with a 
golden "crown." Daenerys isn't upset. 
 
"He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon," she says. 

 

S1, Ep7 

You Win or You Die 

•  Tywin and Jaime Lannister are inside a tent in the Lannister army encampment. 
As Tywin butchers a deer, Jamie reads the summons that calls for the Lannisters' 
henchman, Gregor Clegane ("The Mountain"), to be returned to King's Landing 
and brought to justice. Tywin tells Jamie that attacking Ned had been stupid, but he 
then asks why Ned is still alive. Jaime replies that it wouldn't have been "clean." 
His father asks if it bothers him when people call him "Kingslayer." He tells Jaime 
he shouldn't worry so much over what people say about him. 
 
Tywin is giving Jamie 30,000 men -- half his forces -- to go to Catelyn Stark's 
home and get Tyrion back. It's bad for appearances for Tyrion to be held, he 
explains; all that matters is preserving the Lannister family name. He then gives 
Jamie the standard "it's time you made something of yourself, son" speech. 
 
At King's Landing, Cersei visits Ned. He cuts right to the chase, telling her that he 
knows the secret that got Jon Arryn killed. Ned notices a bruise she received when 
Robert struck her, and she says that her brother would have killed Robert if he'd 
been there. "Your brother," Ned asks, "or your lover?" 
 



He guesses that Bran saw them together. Cersei doesn't deny it. She admits that all 
her children are Jamie's and says that, as twins, she and Jaime belong together. She 
tells Ned that Robert loves Ned's dead sister Lyanna more than he ever loved her. 
 
Ned tells her to take her children and leave with as many men as she can, because 
Robert will come after her once he tells him her secret. 
 
She mocks him for not claiming the throne when he could. He says it wasn't a 
mistake, but she says that it was. "When you play the game of thrones, you win or 
you die -- there is no middle ground," she says. 
 
In his brothel, Petyr gets irritated by Ros from Winterfell moaning too much in 
pleasure. He gives hooker lessons, but doesn't join in because he says he's saving 
himself for another. He tells a story about a woman with impeccable bloodline and 
how she told him all her secrets. He wanted to marry her, but she was pledged to 
another. He challenged the other to a duel, expecting to win as it happens in the 
storybooks, but was soundly defeated. He ended up with a scar, and the man was 
killed in battle before he could marry the woman. 
 
From that experience he learned never to fight, but to "f---" people instead. 
 
Theon visits the wildling (Osha) who Robb let live after she attacked Bran. He tells 
her he's from the Iron Islands and then lectures her on calling him by his title. But 
she points out he's not a lord yet if his dad is still alive. He calls her "impudent" 
and then approaches her, almost propositioning her and asking if she wants to be 
free of her chain. 
 
Maester Luwin interrupts, telling him to treat her as a guest. She's not fazed by 
Theon. She tells Luwin she was trying to get south "before the long night comes." 
She tells him about things that sleep in the day and hunt at night. He thinks they've 
been gone for thousands of years, but she says they were only asleep and aren't 
anymore. 
 
From the wall, Jon Snow sees a rider approaching alone. Then he sees there's no 
rider, only a horse - his uncle Benjen's horse. 
 
Robert returns from his hunt, mortally wounded by a boar. Ned arrives at the king's 
bedchamber to find Joffrey at his bedside and Cersei watching over them. 
 
Ned examines the wound to his belly, which Robert says "stinks like death." 
Robert wants his funeral feast to be huge and the boar that gored him to be served. 
 
Robert sends everyone out, including Cersei. He dictates an order to Ned, 
commanding him to serve as "Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm" to serve 



until Joffrey comes of age. Robert says "son Joffrey" and Ned writes "rightful 
heir." Robert signs. 
 
Robert tells Ned he was right and to let Daenerys live if it's not too late. He asks 
Ned to help make his son better than him. "I'll do everything I can to honor your 
memory," Ned says. Robert laughs that King Robert Baratheon will be 
remembered for having been "murdered by a pig." He asks Ned to get something 
for his pain and to let him die. 
 
Selmy blames himself for the King's accident, and is deeply upset by his failure to 
protect him, Ned tells him they couldn't protect Robert from himself. Varys asks 
who gave Robert the wine. It was his squire, Lancel Lannister. Ned tells Varys to 
call things off with Daenerys. Varys says it's probably too late. 
 
Daenerys braids her husband's hair and tries to convince him to cross the ocean. 
She teaches him the word "throne." He answers that a warrior doesn't need a 
throne, only a horse. 
 
Out in the Dorthraki camp, Daenerys asks Jorah if there's a way to change Khal 
Drogo's mind. He leaves her to see if there are any letters for him. 
 
A young boy gives him a message from the Spider -- it's a royal pardon. Jorah can 
go home. 
 
Daenerys talks to a wine seller, who hears her speaking the common tongue. He 
tosses out the wine he was about to give her, and instead gives her an entire cask. 
He tells her there are many in her homeland who hope she'll return. Jorah steps in 
and demands the vendor serve the wine. He resists, but Jorah takes a glass. Rather 
than drink it himself, he insists the vendor try it. The vendor raises the cup, then 
drops it and runs. Daenerys's men catch him while Jorah escorts Daenerys away. 
 
At the Wall, Jon Snow listens glumly through the ceremony making him a man of 
the Night's Watch. He only wants to go look for his uncle. He listens to the 
reminder that the penalty for desertion is death. He volunteers to go outside the 
wall and pay tribute to the Old Gods, north of the wall, Sam volunteers to go with 
him. 
 
They read the assignments and Jon is assigned to the stewards, not the rangers. The 
head guard who has tormented him smirks at him. 
 
Jon is assigned to Lord Commander Mormont at the request of the Lord. He'll fetch 
his food, change his sheets and fill his bath. Sam tries to convince Jon that being 
around the big boss will mean he's in the loop. He thinks that means Jon is being 
groomed for command. 



 
Robert's brother Renly asks for a minute with Ned and tries to plan how to keep the 
throne from Joffrey and Cersei. He doesn't think his brother Stannis is fit to be 
king, either. He suggests he is. But Ned refuses to go along. Instead he sends a 
letter to be delivered personally to Stannis. 
 
Petyr visits Ned, who explains that because Robert had no natural born sons, it 
passes to Lord Stannis. Petyr suggests he could instead help Joffrey to succeed and 
make peace with the Lannisters. He suggests if Joffrey doesn't work out, they can 
remove him and install Renly. 
 
Ned thinks that would be treason. He's going with Stannis. 
 
Ned's worried about having enough men to enforce his decisions. Petyr explains 
that the gold cloak guards will follow the man who pays them. 
 
Jon Snow and Sam head beyond the wall with four other men. They take their 
vows at an old tree with a face in it that looks like it's crying blood. 
 
They're sharing congratulations when Jon's direwolf brings something from the 
woods: a severed hand. 
 
Daenerys is somewhat surprised Robert is still coming after her. Jorah explains that 
as the last Targaryen, Robert will always come for her. 
 
The traitorous wine vendor is tied up, awaiting his fate. 
 
Khal Drogo comes to his wife to make sure she's alright. He offers Jorah any horse 
he wants, and he promises his unborn son that he will secure him the throne, and 
the seven kingdoms. He gives a speech announcing his intent to go to war as 
Daenerys looks on, full of pride and lust. 
 
On the road the next day, Daenerys leaves the Dothraki city with Khal Drogo, 
Jorah, and a large entourage, making their way to the sea. The would-be assassin 
wine vendor trails behind the Khaleesi on foot, naked and tied to her horse. 
 
Ned gets word that Robert has died. Petyr tells him everything is arranged, and 
Varys says Lord Renly left in the night with Ser Lorras. 
 
Ned meets with the gold cloaks. Their commander Slynt says that he's behind Ned. 
 
Ned walks into the throne room to find Joffrey on the throne, having taken over as 
king. Joffrey demands fealty from the council and orders Ned to make 
arrangements for his coronation immediately. Ned presents Ser Barristan Selmy 



with Robert's final sealed decree, naming Ned protector of the realm. Cersei asks to 
see it. She rips it up saying, "This is your shield? A piece of paper?" Selmy 
protests, offended. Cersei tells Ned to bow and they'll let him live. 
 
Ned says Joffrey has no claim to the throne. Cersei commands Barristan Selmy and 
the Kingsguard to attack, but he hesitates. Ned commands his men with the 
backing of the city watch to put Cersei under guard. Ned says he doesn't want 
anyone to get hurt. 
 
Someone cries "now!" and Ned can only watch as his men are attacked by the city 
watch and the queen's men. They're outnumbered and surprised. Ned ends up with 
a knife to his throat -- it's Petyr. 
 
"I did warn you not to trust me," Petyr says. 

 

S1, Ep8 

The Pointy End 

•  Arya practices her swordplay while real swordplay spills out of the throne room 
after Cersei and Joffrey tried to claim the throne. The fighting heads into the 
courtyard, where Cersei's men kill anyone who gets in their way. Sansa goes 
looking for her sister, but her nursemaid hears the fighting and sends Sansa to her 
room with strict instructions not to open the doors for anyone. The nursemaid 
confronts four armed men alone. 
 
Arya loses at her practicing when her teacher Syrio Forel says one direction and 
she listens and follows instead of reacting to what he's actually doing. He lectures 
her on following what she sees and reacting. 
 
Lannister men come for Arya, but Forel confronts them. Armed with only a 
wooden sword he takes on four men. She watches, amazed as he disarms all the 
men until the captain is left. Arya urges him to leave with her, but he refuses to 
back down. 
 
The captain fights him and breaks the Forel's wooden sword. He sends Arya away, 
asking what they say to the god of death. "Not today," she parrots. She leaves. She 
runs and hears screams as they fight. 
 
Sansa runs into the Hound in the hallway. She threatens to tell the queen. "Who do 
you think sent me?" he taunts. 
 
Arya runs into the courtyard and sees the box that holds her sword Needle. She 
looks for it when a boy comes up and threatens her. She tells him to get away and 



whirls with her sword in her hand. She stabs him through the gut and runs. 
 
Varys pays Ned Stark a visit down in his dungeon cell. He tells him Arya escaped, 
but Sansa remains engaged to Joffrey. Varys tells Ned the rest of his household is 
all dead. Varys asks why he told Cersei he knew the truth. Ned claims it was 
mercy. Varys says Ned got Robert killed and tells him he's a dead man. Ned thinks 
he's safe because Catelyn has Tyrion, but Varys tells him Tyrion is free. Ned wants 
Varys to just kill him now, but he declines. On leaving, Varys claims to serve the 
realm, because no one else does. 
 
Jon Snow and his men bring two dead men back from beyond the wall. Sam 
notices they're frozen solid and don't smell. 
 
The Lord Commander Mormont is notified of a raven from King's Landing. Jon 
joins him in his chambers and Mormont asks for ale for them both. He tells Snow 
of Robert's death and that Stark has been charged with treason for conspiring with 
Robert's brothers to deny the throne to Joffrey. 
 
Sansa listens to Cersei, Master Pycelle, Varys and Petyr. Cersei says she can't 
marry Joffrey now because she's a traitor. Petyr argues she should have a chance to 
prove her loyalty. Cersei tells her to write to her mother and Robb, telling him to 
come to King's Landing and swear loyalty to Joffrey. 
 
She asks what will happen to her father. Cersei tells her that depends on her 
brother, and on her. 
 
Robb reads the letter, but Maester Luwin can tell Cersei told Sansa what to say. 
Robb knows he cannot ignore the official command, so he'll go -- but not alone. He 
tells Luwin to summon the banner men to defend his father. Hundreds of ravens fly 
from Winterfell. 
 
At the Vale, Catelyn is incensed that her sister Lysa waited all day to show her the 
word from the raven. She wants Lysa to send men to fight for Ned, but Lysa 
worries about the safety of her son, Robin. She says the knights of the Vale will 
stay in the Vale to protect their lord. 
 
Tyrion and Bronn walk home. Bronn admits he's in it for the money. Tyrion says 
that's not a problem, he'll always pay more than the other guy. 
 
In the middle of the night, Bronn wakes up hearing noises. They are quickly 
surrounded by Stonecrows and their leader, Shagga, son of Dolf. Tyrion brags 
about his family's money while bashing their crappy weapons. Tyrion takes off his 
ring and hands it over. He tells him if they help him, he'll help the Stonecrows take 
over the Vale. 



 
Jon Snow works in the Wall kitchen, when his tormentor comes in and taunts him 
about being the bastard son of a traitor. Jon lunges at him with a knife, but men 
stop him. The Lord Commander comes in later and confines Jon to his quarters. 
 
Later at night, Jon's direwolf Ghost won't stop barking. Jon lets him out and 
follows him to the commander's room. Instead of Mormont, a giant disfigured bald 
man comes at him. He stabs him, but the man keeps coming. The man falls and the 
Commander comes out of his room and sees. The man gets up and starts to attack 
again so Jon throws his lit lantern at him and hustles Mormont out. 
 
Daenerys walks through a burnt down village with Jorah as the Dothraki attack the 
inhabitants. He explains that the Dothraki are pillaging to raise money for ships to 
sail to Westeros, as she wants. Everywhere, women and children are screaming as 
the Dothraki attack them, claiming the spoils of their victory. Daenerys commands 
them to stop attacking one woman. She claims others, even though Jorah tells her 
they belong to the warriors. 
 
Daenerys returns to camp to find her husband sitting next to a pile of severed 
heads. Mago , a warrior, is complaining to Khal that Daenerys took the women he 
was planning to "mount." Daenerys makes a polite case for preventing the women 
from being raped, saying it is her will and as Khalessi he has to listen to her. Khal 
Drago enjoys seeing his fierce bride, but Mago says a khal who takes orders from a 
"foreign whore" isn't really a khal. He draws his sword. Drogo walks into it 
purposefully and presses his chest against it as he tells Mago what he'll do to his 
corpse. Without drawing his own weapon, Drogo ducks and darts to avoid Mago, 
then finally kills him with his own sword and rips out his tongue with his bare 
hands. 
 
One of Daenerys's new slaves offers to help clean Drogo's cut. The Dothraki are 
suspicious, but Daenerys asks her husband to let the woman treat him. He relents. 
 
At Winterfell, Robb deals with the ego of the Greatjon, who demands he get to 
lead the vanguard into King's Landing, saying Robb is too green. He threatens to 
take his men and go home if not. Robb stares him down and says he's welcome to 
leave, but after he takes care of the Lannisters he'll come for him for breaking his 
oath to his father. Greatjon draws his sword and Robb's direwolf races at him and 
rips off a few fingers. 
 
Robb uses it as an excuse to show he knows enough to let a wolf deal with things 
for him. Cowed, the Greatjon laughs off the missing digits and the situation is 
diffused. 
 
Robb says good-bye to Bran in the middle of the night and tells him to stay at 



Winterfell. After he leaves, their younger brother Rickon comes in, worried about 
their parents. 
 
The next day, Bran prays to the Old Gods. Osha, the captured wildling woman, 
tells him the gods heard him, but she predicts bad things for Robb headed south 
and tells Bran the true threat lies to the north. 
 
Sam, Jon Snow and the troops stand around the burning bodies of the men they 
found beyond the wall. Sam thinks they were touched by White Walkers. He read 
about them. He says they sleep beneath the ice for thousands of years. He hopes 
the wall is high enough to keep them out. 
 
Catelyn comes upon an encampment. Robb reports that the River Lords are falling 
back with Jaime Lannister on their heels, and Lord Tywin is bringing a larger army 
from the south. Catelyn walks in. She asks to talk to Robb alone, then hugs him. 
He shows her Sansa's letter. They notice there's no mention of Arya. Robb tells her 
he has 18,000 men. 
 
Catelyn says their only hope is that he can defeat the Lannister army in the field. 
She reminds him what happened to the Targaryen children when they lost throne: 
they were butchered in their sleep, on the orders of Tywin Lannister. She tells him 
if he loses, the Starks all die. "Well that makes it simple, then," he says. 
 
Tyrion and Bronn march with the Stonecrows. They reach Tywin Lannister's camp. 
Tyrion leads them in and makes introductions. Tyrion learns the Robert is dead and 
Cersei is essentially in charge of King's Landing. They know Robb called in his 
banners and is leading an army. 
 
Tyrion asks for the armor, swords and pikes to pay his debts. He's interrupted by an 
update from the field. Tywin announces he's moving against Robb Stark. He asks 
Shagga and his men to fight with him and promises them more loot. Shagga says 
only if Tyrion rides with them. 
 
Robb tries to figure out his next move. They need to cross the river at the Twins, 
which Lord Frey controls. He's bannerman to Catelyn's father, but isn't exactly 
reliable. 
 
Robb's men bring in a Lannister spy they caught. They say he was counting the 
men. Robb asks how high he got. When the man says 20,000, Robb talks about 
mercy and commands his men to let him go. Robb tells the spy to tell Lord Tywin 
that "winter is coming" with 20,000 men. 
 
As soon as the spy leaves, the men wonder about his move. 
 



Ned is roused from his cell. 
 
Sansa comes to court to hear Cersei force retirement on Ser Barristan from the 
King's Guard, which is supposed to be til death. "You let my father die, you're too 
old to protect anyone," Joffrey snipes. Cersei announces Jaime will take over as 
lord commander of the King's Guard. Varys promises Barristan a good house, but 
Barristan is indignant. He draws his sword and tosses it on the floor, telling Joffrey 
to melt it and add it to the others in the throne. 
 
There's an announcement calling for any other business. Sansa steps forward. She 
begs mercy for her father. She reminds them that he never wanted to be hand and 
loved the king. She says Pycelle gave him milk of the poppy and he wasn't himself 
when he said Joffrey wasn't king. She begs Joffrey personally. Joffrey says Ned 
has to confess and say that he is the king or there will be no mercy. "He will," she 
says. 

 

S1, Ep9 

Baelor 

•  Varys pays Ned another visit in the dungeon to tell him about Sansa pleading for 
his life. Varys tells Ned he could free him, but won't. As the master of whispers, he 
tries to stay out of things. Varys says he just wants peace. 
 
The eunuch tells Ned about Robb going to war. Varys tries to convince Ned to go 
along with Joffrey as the heir and call off war. 
 
Ned would rather die with honor than go along with it. 
 
But Varys mentions that Sansa might be in danger, too. 
 
Outside of The Twins, the home of the Freys and the only crossing of the river 
Trident, Robb and Theon shoot down message-bearing ravens from Lord Walder, 
while trying to figure out how to get across. They know Tywin is marching north. 
Robb decides to enter the Twins alone to bargain with Lord Walder. Catelyn 
suggests she'll go instead, as she doesn't think he'll hurt her. 
 
In Lord Walder's court, Catelyn greets him. His sons admonish the old man for not 
being more polite. He's busy groping his latest wife, all of 15 years old. Catelyn 
speaks to him alone to ask him to open his gates so Robb can cross the Trident. 
Lord Walder tells Cat that her family, the Tullys, have always pissed on his family, 
and her father never attended his many weddings nor agreed to join their houses in 
marriage. He remembers every tiny slight from the other houses. He thinks Robb 
doesn't stand a chance against Tywin and he sees Robb and his men as rebels. But 



he's not inclined to get involved. Catelyn asks him what it's going to take to get 
him to open the gates. 
 
At the wall, the Lord Commander Mormont gives Jon Snow his family sword, 
made with Valerian steel and a new pommel in the shape of a wolf. It was 
supposed to go to Jorah, his disgraced outcast son, but Jon is given it out of 
gratitude for saving his life. 
 
Mormont is tired of Jon's tiff with Lord Thorne, so he sent Thorne to King's 
Landing with the hand from the twice-slain beast to lay at Joffrey's feet -- and to 
get him away from Jon. 
 
All the Night's Watch men are impressed by the sword and take turns trying it out. 
Sam hesitates and then tells Jon Snow he read the note from a raven -- he tells him 
Robb is heading south to war. Jon thinks he should be there. 
 
Catelyn rejoins Robb and tells him Walder granted their crossing and will lend his 
men to fight. He wants his son Olyvar to serve as Robb's personal squire. In 
addition, Arya must marry one of his sons and Robb has to marry one of his 
daughters. Catelyn hesitatingly says one of them was "OK." Robb consents to the 
deal. 
 
Blind Maester Aemon at Wall talks to Jon Snow about the difficulty of putting 
honor before family. He tells Jon about the day he got word that his brother and his 
family had been killed. Jon asks who he is. His father was Maekar. He's Aemon 
Targaryen. He says he's now just the master of the citadel, bound in service to the 
Night's Watch. 
 
He tells Jon he has to choose whether to stay or go and live with his choice. 
 
Daenerys and Kal Drogo ride with the Dothraki. He's seriously ill from his wound 
and falls off his horse. A Dothraki who cannot ride, cannot rule. Overruling the 
other Dothraki who want to kill the witch, Daenerys demands that Mirri Maz Duur 
be brought to her. 
 
At his council table Tywin tells Tyrion that Shagga and the wild men will be in the 
vanguard on the front lines. Tyrian says the Stone Crows got in a bloody fight last 
night over a sausage. Tyrion is not thrilled to be bound to them. 
 
Tyrion comes back to his tent to find a pretty whore named Shae. Bronn took her 
from another man's tent, but since Tyrion expects to die at war, he's not worried 
about retaliation. 
 
At the Dothraki camp, Drogo is delirious with fever. His wound is infected. Jorah 



looks at it and thinks it likely he'll die that night. Jorah encourages Daenerys to 
leave now. When Drogo dies there will be a fight to be Khal and she'll have no 
standing. One of Drogo's men makes this point to her again. She insists she's the 
blood of the dragon, but the man isn't impressed. 
 
Daenerys advises Jorah to wear his armour tonight. 
 
Daenerys promises the witch her freedom if she can save Drogo. She says she 
knows of a spell, but it is blood magic. She calls for Drogo's horse, and tells Dany 
that once she starts chanting, nobody is to enter the tent. 
 
In the tent, the witch slits the throat of the horse. Jorah thinks they made a mistake 
by not leaving earlier for Asshai. One of Drogo's men tries to go into the tent to kill 
the witch. He knocks Daenerys on her very pregnant stomach and fights Ser Jorah, 
who coolly kills the man after a brief battle. 
 
Daenerys says the baby is coming. Nobody is around who can help with the birth, 
but someone says the witch knows how to deliver a baby. Against the the witch's 
warning, Jorah carries her back into the tent where the spell is still being worked. 
 
Tyrion plays drinking games with Bronn and Shae. He suggests a game where he 
makes a statement and if it's true they drink and if he's wrong, he drinks. 
 
Tyrion suggests Bronn has been north of the wall and Bronn drinks. 
 
He guesses that Shae's mother was a whore and her father left when she was 
young. He scores 0 out of 2. 
 
We learn Tyrion used to be married. He tells a story about being out riding with 
Jaime when he was 16 and rescuing a woman named Tysha from rapists. He took 
her for food and ended up in bed with her. They got married the next day. 
 
It turned out it was all set-up by Jaime, who thought it was time Tyrion had his 
first woman and hired the whore. His father brought Tysha before court and let all 
his men have her for a silver coin each while he forced Tyrion to watch. Tyrion 
says that she earned so much silver that she couldn't hold them in her hand. 
 
Shae says he should have known because a girl who was almost raped doesn't 
invite a man into her bed two hours later. She spends the night with Tyrion. 
 
Bronn wakes him up the next morning to tell him the war is under way. Tyrion 
suits up and rallies the savages, who cheer for the "half-man." Then he promptly 
gets accidentally knocked out by one of their clubs and stepped on. 
 



He comes to after the fight, being dragged in a wagon by Bronn. They won. 
 
Tywin tells them it was only 2,000 of Robb Stark's men. Tyrion asks where the 
other 18,000 are. 
 
Robb rides back to greet his mother, with Jaime Lannister as prisoner. He knew he 
was sending the 2,000 decoys to their deaths. 
 
He addresses his bannermen, telling them the war is far from over. 
 
Arya catches a pigeon in a street in King's Landing. She tries to trade it to a baker 
for a pie, but he refuses. She sees everyone running toward something and 
someone tells her they're doing something with the Hand of the King. 
 
She runs to stony Baelor Sept, which is packed with people and sees her father Ned 
brought out in chains. He sees her above the crowd. As he's lead up to Cersei and 
the ersatz King, he points her out to Yoren of the Night's Watch. 
 
He addresses the crowd as Sansa, Joffrey and everyone listen. Sansa nods him on 
as he says he's come to confess his treason. He says he plotted to murder Joffrey 
and seize the throne. He proclaims Joffrey the one true heir to the Iron Throne. 
 
Joffrey says Cersei wants him to let Ned serve the Night's Watch and Sansa has 
begged him for mercy. But he says they have the "soft hearts of women" and 
treason cannot go unpunished. "Bring me his head!" Joffrey says. 
 
Arya runs toward her father but Yoren grabs her and keeps her from watching. 
Sansa screams and has to be restrained. 
 
Ned is forced to kneel as the executioner raises Ned's own giant sword. Ned sees 
that Arya isn't watching and takes a deep breath, calmly baring his neck for the 
blade. The sword comes down and we hear the sound of his head coming off. 

 

S1, Ep10 

Fire and Blood 

•  The executioner's sword drips with Ned Stark's blood. The crowd cheers as he 
lifts the severed head. Arya looks away in the crowd and Yoren makes a point of 
calling her "boy" repeatedly as he takes her away. He cuts off her hair as he tells 
her they're going North. 
 
At Winterfell, Bran follows the three-eyed raven again. He walks in his dream. He 
tells the wildling Osha about his dream and that he followed the raven down into 



the crypt. She carries him on her shoulders and he takes her on a tour, pointing out 
his grandfather, who was burned alive by the Mad King Aerys Targaryen, and 
Lyanna, who was supposed to marry Robert but was kidnapped by Rhaegar 
Targaryen. Robert started a war to get her back, but she died anyway. 
 
He shows her the place where he saw their father. They're startled by his younger 
brother who says he also saw their father down there last night in his dreams. She 
tries to reassure him it was only a dream, but when they see Maester Luwin they 
can tell the news is bad. 
 
Catelyn Stark walks stoically through camp after hearing of her husband's 
execution. She collapses against a tree and cries. She finds Robb hacking away 
violently on a tree, tears streaming down his face. He vows to kill them all. Catelyn 
agrees they will, as soon as they get his sisters back. 
 
Sansa Stark listens to a dirty ditty about King Robert sung by a man in court. King 
Joffrey disapproves and, after playing a cruel game with him, orders the man's 
tongue cut out. Sansa watches in horror. She keeps it together as a cheery Joffrey 
comes to talk to her. 
 
"As soon as you've had your blood, I'll put a son in you," he tells her. Outside the 
castle keep, he forces her to look at her father's severed head on a pike on the wall. 
She begs to go home, but he only forces her to stare instead. 
 
He points out her dead Septa too and promises to present her with her brother's 
head someday. When she says she'd prefer her brother give her Joffrey's, the brat 
king orders his man to hit her since it is not the custom of the King to strike his 
woman. 
 
Sansa contemplates pushing Joffrey off a ledge. The Hound advises her to save 
herself some pain and do what Joffrey wants. 
 
Robb and his bannermen debate who should be King, Renly or Stannis Baratheon. 
One suggests Robb instead, as the King of the North. One by one the bannermen 
pledge their fealty to Robb. 
 
Later, Catelyn pays a visit to Jaime Lannister, who they have tied to a post. He tells 
her widowhood becomes her. "Your bed must be lonely, is that why you came?" he 
asks, and continues to sweet talk her. She bashes him in the face with a rock. 
 
He claims to not fear death. She asks him how Bran fell. He admits that he pushed 
him. "I hoped the fall would kill him," he says. She asks why, but he only suggests 
she get some sleep. "It's going to be a long war," he says. 
 



Cersei reads a letter and orders her naked young cousin Lancel to wait for her in 
bed. 
 
Tywin Lannister's men debate what to do next. His dwarf son Tyrion suggests 
peace is impossible since Joffrey had Ned killed. Tywin says Tyrion is right and 
now they can't make peace with Robb and have to deal with Robert's brothers. 
 
"I always thought you were a stunted fool. Perhaps I was wrong," Tywin says. 
"Half wrong," says Tyrion. 
 
Tywin wants Tyrion to go to Kings Landing to serve as hand of the King to get 
Joffrey to fall in line. Tyrion is surprised at the assignment, but Tywin says it's 
because he's his son. But he tells Tyrion he can't bring his "whore" with him. 
 
Daenerys wakes up after giving birth. Ser Jorah has to break the news to her that 
her son died. Mirri Maz Duur, the captive maegi, says the infant was monstrous 
with scales and small wings. She reminds Daenerys she warned her only death can 
buy life. Daenerys goes to see Drogo. She finds that the Dothraki have left to 
follow a stronger Khal. 
 
When she sees Drogo, he's catatonic. 
 
Mirri tells her Drogo burned her temple and three of the riders had already raped 
her when Daenerys "saved" her. She doesn't apologize for what she has left 
Daenerys with and says that her son only would have brought more pain and 
pillaging. 
 
At the Wall, Sam tries to talk Jon Snow out of leaving, reminding him what 
happens to deserters. Snow rides off, followed by his direwolf. 
 
Tyrion explains to Shae, the whore, that his father said she can't go. But then, he 
says, his father has always been a (c-word). He invites Shae to come with him. 
 
Jon rides away from Castle Black, followed by riders. He stops when he hears 
who's following him. It's Sam and his friends, coming to get him so he doesn't 
break his oath. They remind him of his vow, reciting it for him. 
 
Daenerys tends to Drogo in her tent, talking to him even though he doesn't 
respond. She urges him to fight. She tells him he'll return when the sun rises in the 
west and sets in the east, he'll return to her. She cries and kisses him. Then she 
gently puts a pillow over his face and lovingly smothers her husband. 
 
Maester Pycelle talks to someone unseen about the many many Kings he's served. 
Aerys Targaryen was a good man before madness took him, he says. Roz washes 



up as he says Joffrey is stern and he senses true greatness on the horizon for him. 
 
After Roz leaves, Pycelle gets up and does some spry squats and stretches then gets 
dressed and goes back to his stooped shuffle. 
 
Varys finds Petyr staring at the throne. They admire each other's abilities to 
ingratiate themselves with royalty. 
 
They bow as Joffrey arrives. 
 
Yoren drills Arya on her new identity: Arry the orphan boy. She runs into two boys 
who hassle her for her sword. She gets knocked down and appears to cower, but 
then she draws her sword and stares one down, warning that she already killed one 
fat boy that day. 
 
She meets Gendry, an armorer's apprentice and King Robert's bastard son, who is 
also making the trip to the wall. They head out. 
 
At the Wall, Ser Mormont notices that Jon Snow looks exhausted and asks if his 
moonlight ride was that tiring. He knows. 
 
"Honor made you leave, honor brought you back," Mormont says. Jon tries to 
explain that his Night's Watch brethren brought him back to which Mormont 
responds, "I didn't say it was your honor." 
 
Mormont says beyond the wall the rangers are finding villages abandoned and the 
tribes might be uniting in a secret stronghold. He reminds Jon that what happens at 
King's Landing doesn't matter in light of whatever is happening beyond the wall. 
He wants Jon and his wolf to ride with him beyond the wall tomorrow night. The 
Rangers prepare to head out as Mormont speaks. "I'll not sit meekly by and wait 
for the snows. I want to find out what's happening. The Night's Watch will ride in 
force against the wildlings, the White Walkers and whatever else is out there. We 
will find Benjen Stark, alive or dead. I will command them myself, so I'll only ask 
them once, Lord Snow: Are you a brother of the Night's Watch or a bastard boy 
who wants to play at war?" Jon is then seen riding out beyond the Wall with the 
rest of the Night's Watch. 
 
Drogo's body sits on a funeral pyre, waiting to be lit. Daenerys commands that her 
dragon eggs be left with him, even though she could sell them for a fortune. Ser 
Jorah tells her he knows what she intends and he won't stand by as she climbs on 
the pyre. 
 
"Is that what you think?" she says, and leans in to kiss him softly on the cheek. 
 



She addresses the few remaining people. She tells them she is freeing them. Those 
that want to go can, and those that stay will be free to be brothers and sisters, 
husbands and wives. She orders Jorah to tie Mirri to the pyre. She tells the rest that 
anyone who harms them will die screaming. 
 
The maegi chuckles and defiantly vows to not die screaming as she is led away. 
 
Daenerys delivers her statement: 
 
"I am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen of the blood of Valyria. I am the 
daughter of the dragon and I swear to you that those who will harm you will die 
screaming." 
 
As Jorah binds Mirri to the pyre, she counters: "You will not hear me scream!" 
 
Daenerys barely looks in her direction. "I will," she says dispassionately and with 
certainty. "But it is not your screams I want, only your life." 
 
The Khaleesi takes the torch and lights the pyre as Mirri begins a sing-song chant 
which turn to screams of agony and terror: "No no no" 
 
Daenerys calmly steps inside the ring of fire and continues walking toward the 
blazing pyre. 
 
The next day, dozens remain as the embers smolder. 
 
Ser Jorah approaches the pyre and finds Daenerys seated naked, befouled with 
soot, but unharmed, and holding something. Muted snarls are heard as a small 
dragon climbs up her back and stands erect on her right shoulder. It spreads his 
tiny red wings and emits a fearful and chilling shriek. 
 
Another is cradled in her lap and as she stands, a third at her feet makes its way up 
her outer left thigh. 
 
Ser Jorah bends to kneel with the oath: "Blood of my blood." 
 
Those remaining kneel to her, the blood of the dragon. She stands with a resolute 
and distant look in her eyes, and it is clear that this young widow is one with whom 
those who have wronged her will be forced to reckon. 

 

S2, Ep1 

The North Remembers 



•  King's Landing 
 
Sandor Clegane kills his opponent in a duel for King Joffrey's nameday 
celebration. When Joffrey asks Sansa how she thought the Hound's kill was, she 
repeats what the king said. The king points this out angrily, and she quietly backs 
down and admits he is right. The next duel is called, between Lothor Brune, a 
freerider in the service of Petyr Baelish, and Ser Dontos Hollard, a knight. Lothor 
Brune awaits his opponent, and finally Ser Dontos arrives, his helmet in his arms 
and stinking drunk. Joffrey asks if he is drunk, and Ser Dontos admits that he only 
drank two cups. Joffrey says that Ser Dontos should have as much as he likes, and 
gestures. He is grabbed by two members of the Kingsguard, and a funnel is forced 
down his mouth, and a barrel of wine poured in. He is drowning when Sansa calls 
out that Joffrey can't do this. Shocked at her comment, Joffrey demands to know 
what she said, before saying he can do whatever he likes. Sansa says that it's bad 
luck to kill somebody on your nameday, and Joffrey dismisses this until Sandor 
Clegane says the girl is right. Reluctantly Joffrey tells them to stop drowning him, 
and Sansa suggests that he be made a fool instead, and Joffrey agrees. Suddenly, 
Tyrion Lannister and his entourage of Bronn, Lannister soldiers and hill tribesmen 
arrive. Tyrion greets his niece Myrcella and nephew Tommen before 
congratulating Joffrey on his nameday and saying he is sorry for Sansa's loss. 
Joffrey balks at this and says her father was a confessed traitor, to which Tyrion 
agrees, but says he was still her father, and that Joffrey should sympathize, having 
so recently lost his own father. Tyrion walks past Joffrey, saying that there is work 
to be done. 
 
In the Small Council chamber, Grand Maester Pycelle announces that summer has 
officially been declared over by the Citadel. Littlefinger says that they have enough 
wheat for a five year summer, but anything longer and they'll have fewer peasants. 
Janos Slynt announces that King's Landing is overrun with refugees fleeing from 
the war, to which Cersei tells him to close the gates to the peasants. Tyrion enters 
the chamber while whistling the Rains of Castamere and greets everybody. Cersei 
demands to know what he is doing there, and he tells her that he's the Hand of the 
King. She demands proof, to which Tyrion hands over a letter to Varys, who reads 
out that Lord Tywin has appointed Tyrion to act as Hand in his stead while he 
fights the war. Cersei angrily dismisses everybody and demands to know how 
Tyrion tricked Tywin into allowing this. Tyrion tells her that she brought this on 
herself by letting Eddard Stark die, to which Cersei claims she tried to stop it. 
Tyrion tells her that the entire north has risen against them because of this, but that 
they still have Ned Stark's two daughters. Cersei reveals that Arya Stark escaped 
the city, and Tyrion is angry at this, claiming that their enemies hate each other 
almost as much as they hated them. Tyrion says that it must be odd for Cersei to be 
the disappointing child, to which she is silent. 
 
Later that day in Tyrion's chamber in the Tower of the Hand, Shae remarks how 



she loves the smell of the city. Tyrion warns her that they must be careful so that 
nobody is aware of her presence. Tyrion says that King's Landing is full of many 
types of liars, and that he isn't from the city, so he isn't among them. When he 
climbs on the bed with Shae, Tyrion remarks how uncomfortable it is, and pities 
Ned Stark. He and Shae then kiss. 
 
Cersei confronts Littlefinger in a courtyard. She says that her spies have no idea 
where Arya Stark has fled to, and that they need her if they are going to make a 
truce with the Starks. Littlefinger says that she could ask Varys, though he warns 
her not to trust him, as he himself mistrusts eunuchs. Cersei notices the 
mockingbird sigil on Littlefinger's chest and realizes he made his own, before 
remarking that it's appropriate, since he is a self-made man with many songs to 
sing. Littlefinger says that some are fortunate enough to be born into a wealthy and 
prestigious family, and others must make their own way. Cersei unsubtly starts 
talking about Littlefinger's past in which he grew up among the Tully's in Riverrun, 
and was in love with the eldest daughter, but she was promised for another. 
Littlefinger responds to this by implying he knows about the incestuous 
relationship between Cersei and her brother Jaime. Littlefinger says that 
knowledge is power. Cersei gets angry with him and orders her guards to seize 
Littlefinger. She orders them to cut his throat, but swiftly changes her mind. She 
makes her guards follow very specific instructions before telling Littlefinger that 
power is power. She reminds him to find Arya Stark before leaving with her 
guards. 
 
Cersei enters the throne room surprised to see it under construction. She inquires 
with Joffrey about this, and he tells her that he is redecorating it, so the room looks 
like it should, and that the Targaryens knew how it should look. Cersei tells her son 
that they can't find Arya Stark, and that they need her if they ever want to trade the 
Stark girls with Jaime, which she doubts they will do as it is. Joffrey says he thinks 
they might, as they value their women too much. When Cersei suggest Joffrey 
might ask Lord Tywin for more men, he tells her that king's command, not ask, and 
he shows that he is displeased that his grandfather lost against Robb Stark in the 
field of battle in the first place, resulting in Jaime's capture. Joffrey says that he 
heard a disgusting rumour about his mother and his uncle Jaime. Cersei dismisses 
this as enemy lies, but Joffrey says that somebody believes it. He asks her if his 
father "fucked other women when he grew tired of you." When Joffrey asks how 
many bastards there are running around, Cersei slaps her son. The throne room 
grows silent, and Joffrey stares at his mother in shock. He tells her that what she 
did is punishable by death, and warns her not to do it again. He dismisses her and 
climbs the steps to the Iron Throne. 
 
Inside one of Littlefinger's brothels, a whore vigorously rides a male whore, while 
screaming. Ros, now in a position of authority in the brothel, instructs the female 
whore to "ease into it" before telling them both that they're working that night. Ros 



tells Daisy, a new whore from Haystack Hall, that they do things differently here, 
and that this is a very upscale and proper brothel. She warns Daisy not to call Lord 
Baelish 'Littlefinger,' as he doesn't like it. When Daisy notices Armeca lead away a 
customer, Ros tells her that she pretends she's exotic, but really she's from down 
the road in Flea Bottom. When Daisy calls her beautiful, Ros dismisses this and 
says she's actually a "dumb slut." Suddenly, Lord Janos Slynt and a column of gold 
cloaks enter. Ros greets them and asks what they're doing here. Doors are kicked in 
and gold cloaks search through rooms. Ros asks Slynt if he realizes that the brothel 
is owned by Lord Baelish, since he puts coin in many pockets. Slynt answers that 
he has orders from somebody that doesn't care what Littlefinger thinks. The whore 
Mhaegen is dragged out crying as she holds her baby, Barra. Slynt confirms that 
this is the one they're looking for, and orders one of his men to kill the baby. When 
he cannot bring himself to do it, Slynt takes out a dagger and murders the child, as 
Mhaegen screams. 
 
Gold cloaks are dispatched across the city to hunt down and murder Robert 
Baratheon's bastards. One is stabbed in the chest in his own house, while another 
younger boy is drowned outside. A baby is carried away while a crowd yell and 
protest. A gold cloak watches this in fury, clearly not approving. Janos Slynt has 
the master armorer Tobho Mott questioned as to where the bastard Gendry is. He 
reveals that he was taken as a recruit of the Night's Watch, and was traveling on the 
Kingsroad. He makes mention of the bull's head helmet that he made himself. Slynt 
commands the bastard to be found. 
 
Winterfell 
 
A local farmer comes before Bran, who is acting as Lord of Winterfell while Robb 
is away fighting, and complains that the walls of his holdfast are in ruin, and 
blames the war for taking all the working men away. Bran reminds him that they 
went to war to avenge Eddard Stark and fight for independence, and that Robb 
Stark was the king now. Maester Luwin grants the man four masons for a week, to 
help with repairs. The man is grateful and walks away. Bran and Luwin agree that 
they didn't like the negative way in which the man talked about Robb. Luwin 
reminds Bran that listening to people he'd rather not is one of his duties as the Lord 
of Winterfell. 
 
As Bran sleeps, he dreams of Summer walking through the godswood and looking 
up at the Red Comet in the sky. The next day, Bran, Osha and Hodor visit the 
godswood, where Osha picks out some weeds and herbs for a tea Bran must drink 
to help with the pain. When he remarks that he has no pain, Osha mutters that he is 
lucky. When Osha says that Bran's been having "those" dreams again, he denies it. 
Osha tells him everyone dreams, to which Bran says he doesn't. Bran comments 
that some of the men have been talking about the comet, and how it means Robb 
will win a great victory in the South. Osha says that she has heard differently, like 



how it means it's Lannister red, meaning they will seize control of all seven 
kingdoms soon. Osha also says that she heard a stableboy say that it was red to 
mark the death of Eddard Stark. Osha says that the only thing a red comet really 
means is dragons. Bran says that all the dragons are dead. 
 
The Red Waste 
 
Daenerys leads her small, weary Khalasar through the massive Red Waste, with no 
end in sight. Drogon sits perched on her shoulder. Doreah asks what Viserys said 
about dragons, when Drogon refuses to eat some meat. Daenerys says that her 
brother didn't know anything about anything. As Daenerys puts Drogon back in his 
cage, her horse Silver collapses onto the ground. Dany and Ser Jorah rush over to 
the animal. Daenerys remarks that the horse was Khal Drogo's first gift to her. 
Daenerys helplessly says that she promised her people safety, but that she can't 
save them from starvation. Dany asks if the Red Waste ever ends, to which Ser 
Jorah says it does, though he has never been this far east. When Dany asks if there 
is any other way, Jorah says there isn't, as every other way as perils and troubles of 
their own. Daenerys calls over her three bloodriders and sends them to scout ahead 
in different directions, looking for cities, people or water. As Dany farewells 
Rakaro and he rides away, she looks around hopelessly before staring up at the Red 
Comet. 
 
Beyond the Wall 
 
The Night's Watch arrive at Craster's Keep, deep in the Haunted Forest beyond the 
Wall. As the column of riders approach the house, Jon and his friends stand off to 
the side. Jon asks how Sam's going, to which he answers that nothing has killed 
him yet. Grenn complains that Sam broke the sledge, as he allowed Sam to ride on 
it so he would shut up about his blisters. As they look at the keep, Dolorous Edd 
says in his usual resigned tone that he grew up in a similar place, before later 
falling on hard times. Sam is curious about all the girls, to which Edd answers that 
they are Craster's daughters, and his wives. The others are disgusted that Craster 
marries his daughters and has more daughters from them. Edd says that since all 
the other wildlings in a hundred miles have disappeared, Craster must be doing 
something right. Jon wonders what Craster does with the sons he has. 
 
Inside the keep, Lord Commander Jeor Mormont asks if Craster knows where 
Benjen Stark is, to which he answers that he hasn't seen him in three years, and that 
he didn't care, since Benjen always treated Craster like scum. When Craster 
remarks that 'you' southerners make good wine, Jon interrupts, saying that they 
aren't southerners. Craster inquires after Jon's name before telling him that since 
they are south of the Wall, they are southerners to him. Craster warns Jeor about 
Jon talking to his daughters, and Jeor promises that he won't. He then tells Jon to 
sit down and shut up. Jeor tells Craster that they'd passed through six abandoned 



wildling villages on their way to Craster's Keep. Craster says that they've all gone 
north to join up with Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall, before marching 
south to assault the Wall. Jeor warns Craster that it's a dangerous time to be living 
out here, but Craster dismisses this and calls for one of his wives, Gilly who tells 
them that they're content living where they are, since Craster protects them. Craster 
then mocks Jeor, saying that he must be jealous seeing him with all these women, 
knowing that he can't have any due to his vows. Craster allows the Night's Watch 
to stay at his keep, provided that they don't talk to or touch any of his women. Any 
man that does, he warns, will have his hand cut off. He threatens Jon again, and 
Jeor says that under his roof, they will follow his rules. 
 
Outside, Jeor throws Jon against a wall and demands to know who he is. Jon says 
that he is the Lord Commander, and that he is his steward. Jeor tells Jon that if he 
wants to lead one day, he must learn how to follow. 
 
Dragonstone 
 
Maester Cressen runs along the beach shore of Dragonstone to witness the burning 
of the idols of the Seven. Melisandre of Asshai is leading the prayer. She offers 
these false gods to appease the Lord of Light, the one true god. Cressen tells Ser 
Davos Seaworth that they must stop her, but he refuses to do anything at that 
moment. Frustrated, Cressen pushes through the crowd and demands that this 
madness stop. He asks everybody if they are so willing to watch the gods of their 
ancestor's be desecrated, to which nobody responds. Melisandre challenges 
Cressen to stop her, but he does nothing, and walks back into the crowd, resigned. 
Melisandre calls forth Stannis Baratheon, the true king of Westeros and the warrior 
of light, chosen by the Lord of Light. He rips out a flaming sword from one of the 
burning idols and marches with it in his hand, before uttering the prayer "the night 
is dark and full of terrors." As Stannis leads away the crowd, Cressen warns Davos 
that Melisandre will lead Stannis into a war he cannot win. Davos affirms his 
loyalty to Stannis, despite not agreeing with Melisandre or her preachings. Cressen 
asks Davos to tell the king the truth, but Davos dismisses this and leaves Cressen 
alone on the beach. 
 
In the Chamber of the Painted Table, Stannis holds a council. There, he instructs 
Matthos, Davos' son and the king's squire, to draft a proclamation, saying that 
Joffrey Baratheon, and his siblings Tommen and Myrcella, are born of incest 
between Cersei Lannister and her brother, Ser Jaime Lannister the Kingslayer. 
Davos suggests that maybe Stannis should make peace with Renly, so they can 
deal with the Lannisters together. Stannis dismisses this, saying that he will not 
make peace with Renly while he falsely calls himself king. Davos then suggests 
making peace with Robb Stark, but Stannis also dismisses this, claiming that the 
boy serves thieves, and he will not have the top half of his kingdom in someone 
else's hands. Maester Cressen slips a poison into his wine before raising a toast to 



Melisandre, and apologizing for his lack of faith. He takes a sip of the wine before 
handing it to Melisandre. Cressen begins bleeding from the nose, but despite this, 
Melisandre still takes a sip after him. Cressen collapses onto the floor, to the shock 
of everybody, but Melisandre is uneffected by the poison. She stands over him and 
reminds him that the night is dark and full of terrors, but the fire casts the darkness 
away. 
 
Stark Camp 
 
Robb Stark visits Jaime Lannister, who is caged up in a holding pen. Jaime 
mockingly refers to Robb as the King in the North, before inquiring as to why he is 
being dragged around the countryside, instead of being left in a castle. Robb says 
that this is because if he did this, the lord holding the castle would receive a raven 
from Lord Tywin Lannister offering a reward for his son's release, and threatening 
them with death should they defy him. When Jaime calls Robb a smart boy, he 
mocks Robb by saying that he doesn't like being called 'boy.' Jaime notices that 
Robb's direwolf Grey Wind is stalking around the pen. He enters and stands next to 
Robb, who says that Jaime is only insulting himself, since he was defeated by a 
boy and captured by one. He then proceeds to explain that Stannis Baratheon has 
send letters to all the lords in the realm declaring himself as the true king and 
naming Joffrey Baratheon as incest spawn between Jaime and Cersei. Jaime 
remarks that this is incredibly convenient, as it would make Stannis the first in line 
for the throne. Robb says that his father must have learned the truth, as he was 
executed by Jaime, though the Kingslayer reminds him that he was his prisoner 
when Ned Stark died. Robb counters by saying it was his son that did it, however, 
and that Jaime was the one to throw Bran from the tower that he was climbing 
when he saw Jaime with the queen. Robb says that he's sending one of Jaime's 
cousins to King's Landing with peace terms, though Jaime says Robb is a fool if he 
thinks Tywin will negotiate with him. He tells him that three victories don't make 
him a conqueror. Robb replies by saying that it's better than three defeats, which is 
what the Lannisters have suffered so far. Grey Wind lunges at Jaime and nearly 
bites him, but stops inches from his face, before turning and leaving the pen with 
Robb. Jaime turns his face and closes his eyes in fear before the direwolf leaves. 
 
Robb Stark holds a council where he meets Ser Alton Lannister, a cousin to Jaime 
Lannister and the queen. Robb reads his terms, which are that the Lannisters must 
release his sisters and return them to him, and that the bones of his father and all 
his father's men must be returned as well. Robb's final term is that the Iron Throne 
must release the North from all their dominion, as the north is now a free and 
independent kingdom. Robb warns that if the king and queen do not accept these 
terms, he will litter the south with dead Lannisters. When Alton remarks that 
Joffrey is a Baratheon, Robb mockingly questions this. Robb calls an end to the 
council, and the lords and Ser Alton leave. Theon Greyjoy stays behind, and asks 
'Your Grace' for a word. Robb says that Theon doesn't have to call him that in 



private. Theon says that the Lannisters will reject his terms, but Robb says he 
already knows this. Theon also points out that to finally defeat the Lannisters they 
need to take King's Landing, and they can't do this without ships. Theon says that 
his father, Balon Greyjoy, has plenty of ships and men who know how to sail them. 
Robb points out that Balon and his men fought his own father in rebellion years 
ago. Theon reminds Robb that they are also rebelling as they speak. Theon's 
confident that Balon will not refuse him, as he is his last remaining son. He says 
that though he wasn't born a Stark, he was raised an honorable man. Theon says 
that he and Robb will together avenge Ned Stark. 
 
Catelyn warns Robb that Balon Greyjoy is not a trustworthy ally, but Robb says 
that he needs his ships, which apparently number at two hundred. Catelyn reminds 
Robb that Balon Greyjoy once rebelled against Eddard Stark, but Robb reminds 
her that they are rebelling right now, and his father rebelled against the throne 
before him. Robb says that he can't release Jaime Lannister, as he is too valuable 
and the lords won't be happy. Catelyn is worried for the wellbeing of Sansa in 
King's Landing, and the fact that they haven't heard anything about Arya. She says 
that it's about time she returned to Winterfell, since it's been months since she's 
seen Bran and Rickon. Robb says she won't be going to Winterfell, as he needs her 
to go to the Stormlands to negotiate with Renly Baratheon. It's said that he's rallied 
one hundred thousand soldiers to his cause, thanks in part due to his marriage to 
Margaery Tyrell, binding Mace Tyrell and Highgarden to his cause. Robb says that 
he doesn't trust any of his other lords to do this, and once Renly is on their side, 
they can defeat the Lannisters and get Arya and Sansa back. Catelyn reluctantly 
agrees. 
 
The Kingsroad 
 
Gendry helps Arya Stark onto a cart as they travel with the rest of the Night's 
Watch recruits down the Kingsroad. 

 

S2, Ep2 

The Night Lands 

•  The Kingsroad 
 
Arya is crouching in a stream, taking a piss. She is away from the others, as she 
doesn't want them to know that she is really a girl. When she's finished she pulls 
her pants back up and walks back to everyone else. On her way back, one of the 
men in the cage calls out to her, referring to her as 'boy.' She demands to know 
what he wants, and he - referring to himself in third person - says he wants a drink. 
Rorge, one of the other men in the cage, threatens that he'll skin Arya if he doesn't 
give them beer. The polite man acknowledges he knows 'Arry's' name, and 



introduces himself as Jaqen H'ghar. When Rorge keeps yelling at Arya, she hits 
him with a stick. Angered by this, Rorge threatens to rape Arya up the ass with the 
stick. She backs away, and Jaqen smiles, admiring Arya's courage, if not sense. 
Gendry walks by and says that Yoren warned them not to talk to those three in the 
cage. Arya defends herself by saying she isn't scared of them, to which Gendry 
says that she's stupid, because they scare him. Two gold cloaks ride up on horses, 
and Arya wonders what they're doing so far from King's Landing. Fearing they are 
looking for her, she hides. She confesses that they are looking for her to Gendry. 
Yoren approaches the gold cloaks, one of whom shows Yoren the royal warrant 
that he possesses, explaining that one of the recruits is wanted. Yoren dismisses 
this by saying that since they've joined the Night's Watch, they are officially out of 
reach to the Iron Throne. When the gold cloak draws his sword, Yoren pulls out a 
knife and holds it to the man's thigh. Yoren threatens to cut his artery, which would 
leave him bleeding out. He takes the sword and tosses it to the ground, before 
telling the gold cloaks to be on their way and leave them be. The gold cloak 
announces that he's looking for Gendry, and says whoever gives him up will be 
rewarded. He and his companion then turn and leave. Yoren and the rest of the 
recruits stare at Arya and Gendry. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Tyrion enters his chambers to see Varys and Shae sitting at the table, talking. 
Varys tells him that they were just discussing Tyrion's bravery at the Battle of the 
Greenfork and how Tyrion and Shae met in Lord Tywin's kitchens. Varys jokingly 
wonders at the truthfulness of the story, but Tyrion dismisses his doubts. Varys 
makes a veiled threat to Tyrion, regarding the fact that Tywin didn't want Shae to 
accompany Tyrion to King's Landing. Varys assures them that he is very good at 
keeping secrets from his friends, however. He gets up to leave when Tyrion stops 
him from opening the door. He says that he doesn't apreciate threats, and that he 
knows what Varys is doing, unlike Ned Stark. Varys says that Eddard Stark was a 
man of honor, to which Tyrion says that he isn't, and that he'd have Varys killed if 
he ever threatened him again. Varys responds by saying people often find it quite 
hard to kill him. Both of them then leave the room. 
 
In the Small Council chamber, Cersei hears Robb Stark's terms as delivered by Ser 
Alton Lannister before swiftly rejecting them all by tearing up the paper. Tyrion 
suggests they at least send Eddard Stark's bones back as a sign of good faith. 
Cersei instructs Alton to give Robb Stark their reply, and asks if he saw Jaime 
while in the Stark camp. Alton says he did, and that his spirit wasn't broken. Cersei 
tells him to inform Jaime that he hasn't been forgotten. Tyrion bids Alton farewell, 
and he leaves. Grand Maester Pycelle informs the Small Council of the trouble the 
Night's Watch face. Tyrion reads a letter from Jeor Mormont and is troubled by 
what is written. Cersei and the rest of the Small Council dismiss it all jokingly and 
leave. 



 
Beyond the Wall 
 
Dolorous Edd is entertaining Sam and Grenn with a story from his past when Sam 
makes a comment about Craster's wives. He says it's greedy of him to have so 
many, and that he misses girls. Grenn tells a story about a girl he knew before he 
joined the Night's Watch. Sam hears a scream and sees Gilly backing away in fear 
from Ghost, Jon's direwolf. Sam goes over and sends Ghost away. Gilly is 
thankful, but warns Sam not to touch her. Gilly comments on how brave Sam is. 
 
Sam brings Gilly to Jon, who is sharpening his sword Longclaw. Jon is angry that 
Sam is talking to one of Craster's wives, and after being introduced to Gilly he 
chastises Sam for his stupidity. Sam says that all Gilly wants is to be taken away 
from here, as she is pregnant, and is worried what will happen if she has a boy. Jon 
apologizes and says that it's impossible for them to take her, as they are going into 
wildling territory. Gilly walks away disappointed, and Sam is upset at Jon for 
refusing to help. Jon explains the situation to Sam and says he is sorry, but it can't 
be done. Sam walks away upset. 
 
The Red Waste 
 
As Daenerys, Jorah and the khalasar rest - starving, thirty, lost and hot - they see a 
riderless horse approach. Ser Jorah gets up and goes over to the horse. He looks 
into the saddlebag and sees the severed head of Rakaro. Daenerys and Irri come 
over, and Irri collapses onto the ground, crying and screaming in grief. Daenerys 
promises that they shall lay him to rest, so he can ride in the night lands, but Irri 
says without a body he will be lost. 
 
Iron Islands 
 
Theon looks with pride and excitement at Pyke, the seat of his father and House 
Greyjoy, and the most prominent castle on the Iron Islands. He goes below deck to 
where the Captain's Daughter is awaiting, sitting naked on the bed. She asks Theon 
what it's like seeing his home after so many years, and he answers that it seems 
smaller. The girl responds by saying her father's cabin used to seem huge to her, 
and now it's so much smaller. Theon unlaces his pants as he tells the Captain's 
Daughter about the Iron Islands and their culture. As he starts having sex with her, 
she begs him to take her as his salt wive, but he says her place is on this ship. She 
says that once he is gone her father will beat her for being a whore. Theon 
dismisses this, saying he hasn't payed her. He tells her to smile with her mouth 
closed, and to stop talking about her father. He then turns her onto her hands and 
knees and begins taking her from behind. 
 
King's Landing 



 
Later that day, a visitor in Littlefinger's brothel watches through a peephole as a 
whore has sex with a customer. She is riding him backwards. The man spying is 
also with a whore. She is performing oral sex on him. Spying on him is 
Littlefinger. Hearing commotion, Littlefinger turns away and sees a man storm out 
of a room, his clothes half undone. He tells Littlefinger that he barely touched his 
whore, and she just started crying. Littlefinger calms the man down and offers him 
another whore, Armeca. He wipes a line of cum off her face before handing her off 
to the man. He then investigates what the problem is. He finds Ros sitting on a bed, 
her clothes still on, crying. He asks her what is wrong, and she admits that it's what 
happened the other day, when the gold cloaks burst in and killed Barra. Littlefinger 
agrees that that was handled poorly. He then goes on to tell Ros a story of a very 
expensive woman he knew who displeased her master, so she was sent to another 
man who specialized in changing and doing things with women. He said that she 
didn't end up happy, but that the man who sold her was reimbursed for his trouble. 
The veiled threat gets across to Ros, who promises she will stop crying and get 
back to work the next day. Littlefinger says he's happy and leaves. 
 
That night, Tyrion has just finished having dinner with Janos Slynt. Podrick Payne, 
Tyrion's new squire, pours them some wine and leaves. Tyrion inquires about the 
trouble in Littlefinger's brothel the other day, to which Janos Slynt says it was 
nasty but necessary business. Tyrion wonders how killing babies is helpful to 
defending the realm. When Slynt says it was merely his orders to do so, Tyrion 
says that it must have been the queen who ordered it, as she had always been a 
jealous woman, and was the most likely person to want Robert Baratheon's 
bastards dead. Tyrion asks Slynt if it was him who gave the order for the gold 
cloaks to betray Eddard Stark in the throne room. Slynt confirms it was, and says 
the man was a traitor who tried to buy his loyalty. Tyrion scoffs at this, saying that 
Eddard Stark must have had no idea Slynt had already been bought. Slynt exclaims 
in anger to Tyrion's implication of dishonor. Tyrion assures Janos that he wasn't 
questioning his honor, but rather denying its entire existence. Slynt angrily throws 
his chair back and stands up, saying he will not take such insults from a dwarf. 
Bronn appears next to Slynt, and Tyrion informs him that Bronn has been 
appointed new Commander of the City Watch. Tyrion orders Slynt to be arrested. 
Slynt says that the queen was the one to make him a lord, but Tyrion dismisses this 
by saying that he's a fool to believe the queen is his friend. Tyrion announces that 
Slynt will be put on a ship and taken to Eastwatch-by-the-Sea, before walking to 
Castle Black. Outraged, Janos Slynt declares that his friends at court will not allow 
this, but Bronn has the gold cloaks drag him out of the room. Bronn sits down and 
pours himself a glass of wine. Tyrion asks him if he would, without question, 
murder a baby. Bronn says that he would ask how much, first. 
 
The Kingsroad 
 



While washing out pots and pans in a stream, Lommy, one of the young recruits, 
says they should yield if the gold cloaks come back, since it's only Gendry they 
want. He says he doesn't want to be in a battle. Hot Pie announces that he isn't 
afraid of a battle. Arya mocks Hot Pie by saying he would fill himself if he ever 
got close to a battle. Hot Pie defensively says he's seen plenty of battles, 
specifically one where a man stabbed another man outside a tavern in Flea Bottom. 
Lommy says that just because two men fought, doesn't mean it was a battle. Hot 
Pie clarifies that since one of them wore armor, it was a battle. Arya says that 
Gendry is an armorer's apprentice, and tells Hot Pie to tell Gendry his story. 
Gendry says that it wasn't a battle, and that anybody can buy armor, not just 
knights. Arya follows Gendry away and asks what the gold cloaks wanted with 
him. When he says he doesn't know, Arya names him liar. Gendry says he doesn't 
want anything to do with them, since no good has ever come from their questions. 
When Arya asks him to clarify that statement, he says that he was asked questions 
by two Hand's of the King, first Jon Arryn, and then Eddard Stark. Arya asks what 
he wanted to know, to which Gendry says that he just wanted to know about his 
mother. When Arya asks Gendry about his mother he says he didn't really know 
her, and that her father was probably some random person, possibly even a gold 
cloak. When Gendry asks Arya about her family, she reveals that Eddard Stark was 
her father. Gendry is shocked, and starts calling her m'lady, which infuriates Arya. 
She begs him not to tell the others, and he promises. When Gendry mocks Arya 
one more time with m'lady, she pushes him over and walks away. 
 
Iron Islands 
 
Theon arrives at Lordsport, where he introduces himself to a local fisherman. He 
seems completely unimpressed, much to Theon's annoyance. He gives the man 
some money to take get him a horse to take him up to Pyke. A woman then 
introduces herself to Theon. He is impressed by her, and she offers to ride with him 
up to Pyke. Theon accepts, and tells the man to have his things sent up to the 
castle. 
 
As they ride along the coast, Theon begins to touch the woman he is riding with. 
He first puts a hand down her top and fondles her breast, before putting his hand 
down her pants, and rubbing her there. She warns him that they might have an 
accident if he keeps up with this. Theon promises her that tonight she will have a 
story to tell her grand-kids. She laughs and says she doesn't think it will be a story 
appropriate for children. 
 
Theon enters his father's solar and introduces himself. His father remarks that it's 
been nine years since he last saw him, and wonders what he's come back as. When 
Theon says that he is his heir, Balon Greyjoy dismissively says "we shall see." 
Balon then asks Theon if the pendant he has around his neck was payed for in gold 
or if he payed the iron price for it. When Theon says he bought it, Balon rips it off 



and says he will not have his son dressed as a whore. Theon presents his father 
with Robb Stark's offer of allegiance, but Balon is not pleased by this. He says that 
Robb Stark has sent him hear like a raven, and that Theon has become a Stark, 
much to Balon's fear. Theon insists that he is ironborn, but his father ignores him, 
and asks Theon if he'd forgotten his brothers, who died fighting Eddard Stark. 
Theon offers to lead the attack himself, should Balon accept Robb's terms, and 
Balon is surprised. Theon wonders who else would, and the woman he met at 
Lordsport enters the solar. Theon said he told her to wait outside, but she strolls 
right in and stands next to Balon, who puts an arm around her shoulder. Theon 
realizes this is his sister Yara, and is shocked. He says that she can't possibly lead 
men into battle, because she's a woman. She and Balon assure him that she is more 
than capable, and is still very much ironborn in her ways. Balon burns the letter 
that Theon brought him, and says that he will take his crown, not be given it as 
reward. Theon tells him that he can't possibly hope to fight the Lannisters on his 
own, but Balon asks, "who said anything about the Lannisters?" 
 
Dragonstone 
 
Salladhor Saan, an old pirating friend of Davos, inquires as to why he should join 
the cause of the king who has the smallest army. Davos assures him that Stannis is 
the best option, as he has the best claim and is the most honorable and dutiful. 
When this doesn't convince Salladhor, Davos promises him gold from the treasury 
in King's Landing. Salladhor says he also wants to fuck the queen, and when 
Matthos insists that she won't allow this, and it would be rape, Salladhor laughs 
this off and insists he would be fucking her, not raping her. Salladhor finally agrees 
to join Stannis' cause, and says he will supply thirty of his ships. 
 
After Salladhor has departed, Matthos insists that Davos take up reading and 
worshiping the Lord of Light. Davos refuses, saying that the only god he needs or 
supports is Stannis Baratheon. He says that without him, he and his family would 
not have a good or prosperous future. Davos says that he owes everything he has to 
Stannis. Matthos says that while Stannis is his king, he is only a man. Davos 
laughs at this and tells his son not to say that to the king. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Later, Cersei confronts Tyrion about this, saying he had no right to exile Janos 
Slynt. Tyrion says as Hand of the King he had every right, but Cersei insists that 
he's only serving as Hand until their father gets back to the city, and in the 
meantime, her power as Queen Regent overrules his as Hand. Tyrion tells her that 
she's losing support of the people, but Cersei doesn't care. Tyrion says that when 
winter comes and half the peasants die of starvation, the other half will rebel and 
try to overthrow her. He says that she's given them a rallying call - the killing of 
babies. Cersei is surprised at this accusation, and Tyrion realizes that it wasn't her 



that ordered it, but Joffrey. Cersei shares how paranoid thoughts on how ruling 
should be, and says that she is the only one that takes it seriously. Tyrion makes a 
joke about Jaime and Cersei's incest, which angers Cersei. She in turn says how the 
biggest joke of Tyrion's life was when he was born and killed their mother in birth, 
and all for a dwarf. Cersei gets up and leaves. 
 
Dragonstone 
 
That night, Davos and Matthos await Stannis in the Chamber of the Painted Table. 
The king and Melisandre enter, and Davos tells Stannis that they have Salladhor's 
support. They argue briefly over whether Salladhor can be trusted before Stannis 
dismisses Davos and his son. As they are leaving, Melisandre whispers something 
into Matthos' ear. When they are gone, Stannis asks what she whispered, and she 
said, "death by fire is the purest death." Stannis agonizes over the fact that his 
brother Renly has far more men than he does, and that he can't possibly hope to 
defeat him in the field of battle. Melisandre offers an alternative, saying that he is 
the Lord's chosen warrior, and that she will give him a son. She opens her robe and 
approaches Stannis. The king says he has a wife, but Melisandre dismisses this, 
saying that she is sickly and locked up in a tower, and that she has given him no 
sons. Stannis eventually relents and pulls Melisandre up onto the table before 
thrusting into her while she moans. 
 
Beyond the Wall 
 
That night, Jon watches as Craster takes a newborn boy into the forest. Jon follows 
him, and watches as Craster puts the child down and walk away. The child is then 
picked up by a White Walker, much to Jon's shock. Unsheathing Longclaw, Jon 
runs through the trees to get closer. He is crouching behind a tree when he is found 
by Craster and knocked unconscious. 

 

S2, Ep3 

What Is Dead May Never Die 

•  Craster brings Jon Snow to Mormont after catching him spying on him in the 
woods. Jon Snow tells Mormont what he saw, but Mormont already knows about 
the practice of sacrificing the boys. 
 
Snow tells him he saw something take the child. 
 
"Whatever it was, I dare say you'll see it again," Mormont tells him. He plans for 
his men to leave at dawn. 
 
Samwell packs up their things. He sees Gilly and goes to say good-bye. He wants 



to give her something his mother gave him, the only thing he has of hers. He asks 
Gilly to keep it safe until he comes back. 
 
At Winterfell, Bran tells Maester Luwin about his recurring dream, where he's 
running through the forest like a direwolf, with the taste of blood in his mouth. 
 
Luwin tells Bran it's just a dream. But Bran thinks his are true, including the one 
about his father dying. Luwin assures him the days of such things have passed. 
 
Stormlands 
 
Catelyn Stark pays a visit to Renly Baratheon, who is overseeing a fight along with 
his queen, Margaery of House Tyrell. Brienne of Tarth beats Loras Tyrell, 
Margaery's brother and Renly's lover. She asks to be a member of the King's Guard 
and Renly grants her request. 
 
Catelyn stark arrives. Renly offers his condolences and promises to kill Joffrey 
when he takes King's Landing. 
 
Loras, after losing his melee with Brienne, gets pouty and complains that Catelyn 
was sent to treat with them instead of Robb. "My son is fighting a war, not playing 
at one," Catelyn snipes at him. 
 
Balon Greyjoy lays out his battle plans. He thinks the North is ripe for the taking, 
including Winterfell. Yara gets 30 ships to lead and Theon gets one. 
 
Theon suggests forming an alliance with the North insead. Balon reminds them 
they take what is theirs and tells Theon his time with the wolves has made him 
weak. 
 
Theon reminds his father that he's the one who gave him away. 
 
Tyrion's conquest Shae gets impatient with hanging out in their quarters all the 
time. He tells her Cersei is looking for any weakness of his to exploit. 
 
Over dinner, Princess Myrcella asks Sansa when she and Joffrey will be married. 
Cersei says after the fighting is over. Prince Tommen asks if Joffrey is going to kill 
Sansa's brother. Cersei says she doesn't know, but she's sure Sansa will do her duty 
if that happens. 
 
Shae reports to Sansa's chamber as her new chamber maid. Shae doesn't exactly 
know what is expected of her, so Sansa barks at her. 
 
Tyrion pays a visit to Maester Pycelle, telling him new alliances must be formed. 



He says he's brokering an alliance with house Martell, for Princess Myrcella to 
wed their son in Dorne. Tyrion lays out the same plan to Lord Varys, except this 
time she's to marry Theon Greyjoy. 
 
To Petyr Baelish, it's Robin Arryn of the Vale. He stresses secrecy to each, "the 
queen musn't know". 
 
Renly makes out with Loras. Loras is still pouty and complains about Brienne 
being made member of the King's Guard. He warns Renly he needs to be careful 
with his war plans. 
 
Renly swaps out Tyrells, trading Loras for Margaery, who he is much less 
interested in. She asks if her brother should come in and "get him started". She tells 
him there's no need to play games. She says the best way to defeat his enemies is to 
get her pregnant, whatever it takes. 
 
Cersei confronts Tyrion, angry at him for planning to send Myrcella off to Dorne 
(Pycelle's version). 
 
Theon reads over his letter to Robb, telling him his father rejected the offer. After 
considering it, he decides to burn it. 
 
Theon undergoes a ceremony consecrating his faith to the Drowned God as his 
father and sister look on. 
 
Petyr confronts Tyrion over his ruse. Tyrion glibly apologizes and tells him he's 
the centerpiece of his next ruse. He wants to get Jaime back. 
 
Tyrion confronts Pycelle. Pycelle says everything he's done was for the family. 
Tyrion asks Pycelle how many Hands he's betrayed. Pycelle says Lord Arryn knew 
the truth about Cersei and Jaime, but did nothing because he's always served the 
house of Lannister. Tyrion has him thrown in a dungeon. 
 
Lord Varys compliments Tyrion on his ploy. 
 
Arya polishes her sword in camp. Yoren joins her among all the sleeping men. She 
asks how he's able to sleep with the things he's seen. She can't stop picturing the 
scene of her dad losing his head, even though she didn't see the actual deed. 
 
He tells her about seeing his brother killed when they were young and years later, 
killing the man who murdered him. He's been on the Wall ever since. 
 
There's a sound as they hear Lannister soldiers approaching, led by Amory Lorch. 
Arya and Gendry hide. A soldier announces they're there for Gendry in the name of 



King Joffrey. Yoren says no and they shoot an arrow at him. He gets up and fights 
off ten men, finally falling as Arya watches in horror as Amory stabs Yoren in the 
back with his sword. 
 
Arya is running when the men in cages call for her help. They're in danger of being 
burned. Fighting rages around her and she hands them an axe to free themselves. 
Gendry is out fighting with the other men. 
 
Arya is running for her life and runs into a soldier who takes her sword Needle. 
They round up the survivors to take them back to King's Landing, but not before a 
soldier slits the throat of a wounded boy (Lommy), who can't walk. 
 
Again, the solder asks for Gendry, who is among those captured. Arya assesses the 
situation then announces that they already killed Gendry, motioning towards 
Lommy, dead near Gendry's bull helmet. 

 

S2, Ep4 

Garden of Bones 

•  Two guards gossip and joke about Renly Baratheon having sex with Loras. They 
notice their horses are spooked by something in the woods. A direwolf attacks. 
Robb Stark and his men are upon them. 
 
After the battle, Robb refuses to torture their prisoners. He doesn't want to give the 
Lannisters a reason to abuse his sisters. 
 
Women in the field tend the wounded, one taking the leg off a man with rot in his 
foot. Robb helps, even though it's not his man. He's taken with the field nurse. 
Robb tries to talk to her, but she's indifferent, explaining the men in the field don't 
even want to be fighting for Joffrey. She asks what happens if they win, but Robb 
doesn't know. He asserts that doesn't want to sit on the iron throne. 
 
Back at King's Landing, Joffrey terrorizes Sansa for Robb's latest victory. She 
pleads as he aims a crossbow at her. Joffrey says his mother won't let him kill her, 
so he has his men beat her and strip her clothes. 
 
Tyrion interrupts, lecturing Joffrey in front of his knights and telling him to respect 
Sansa's honor. He gets her covered up and helps her to her feet, apologizing for 
Joffrey. 
 
Privately, Tyrion asks her if she wants an end to her engagement. "I am loyal to 
King Joffrey, my one true love," she says flatly and unconvincingly. 
 



Bronn suggests what Joffrey really needs is to get laid, to "get some of the poison 
out." 
 
Joffrey comes back to his chambers later to find two hookers waiting for him, 
including Ros. He orders her to beat the other. He makes her use a belt, causing her 
to cry out in pain. Then he hands Ros a wooden scepter and he arms his crossbow. 
He wants Tyrion to see what he's done. 
 
Petyr Baelish pays a visit to Renly Baratheon, who is no fan of his. Brienne stands 
guard. Petyr suggests he could help make King's Landing more welcoming when 
they attack. 
 
Later, Petyr walks the camp with Margaery, generally being nosy about her 
marriage to the king. She gives away nothing. 
 
In the Red Waste, one of the riders returns on a new horse. It was given to him by 
the Elders of Qarth, three days ride away. Jorah explains the desert around their 
gates is called the Garden of Bones and every time they shut their gates on a 
traveler, the garden grows. 
 
Arya and Gendry and the other prisoners are taken to Harrenhal. The stone towers 
were melted by dragon fire long ago. It smells of dead people. They watch as 
someone is stretched and killed on the rack. A woman says it was her son, her 
daughter was killed three days ago. 
 
In her cell, Arya over and over recites her Prayer (the names of people she would 
punish)... Joffrey, Cersei, Ilyn Payne and the Hound. 
 
Petyr visits Catelyn Stark, who accuses him of betraying Ned. He tries to proclaim 
his love, but she pulls a knife. He speaks of Sansa and Arya, saying both are safe, 
for now, in the capitol. He says they'll trade Jaime for the two girls. Catelyn knows 
Robb would never go for it. He brings her a token of Tyrion's good will -- a big 
box. 
 
She opens it and finds Ned's body inside. She still throws Petyr out. 
 
Back at Harrenhal a guard comes to select someone for the bounty. The unlucky 
man gets strapped to a chair and interrogated. Arya and Gendry watch as they put a 
rat in a bucket and put it on his chest. They want to know about "the brotherhood." 
They light the bucket and the trapped rat has nowhere to go but into the man's 
chest. He gives out the name of the butcher but they don't stop. Later that night, 
two more names are added to Arya's Prayer... Polliver and The Mountain. 
 
In the Stormlands Renly Baratheon meets with his brother Stannis, along with 



Melisandre. Stannis reminds Catelyn, who is with Renly, that her husband was 
allied to him. 
 
Renly taunts Stannis, who gives him a night to change his mind, offering to make 
him his heir until one is born to him. The ride off in their separate directions, no 
deal struck. 
 
Outside the walls of Qarth, Daenerys and the khalasar are greeted outside by troops 
and a merchant. The Thirteen who govern Qarth are there. They want to see her 
dragons. When she refuses, they prepare to walk away. 
 
She threatens to burn their city first when her dragons are grown. The merchant 
points out they can just let her die outside right now. Xaro Xhoan Daxos (Nonso 
Anozie), one of Thirteen, says they should let them in, then vouches for them. 
They open the gates to Qarth, "the greatest city that ever was or will be." 
 
At Harrenhal Gendry is selected to be tortured next. They want to know if there's 
gold or silver in the village and where the Brotherhood is. They take out the rat as 
he's strapped to the chair. 
 
Tywin Lannister rides in to camp. Arya notices that "Needle" is in Polliver's belt. 
Twyin suggests they use the prisoners for labor instead of killing them. He sees 
Arya and immediately knows she's a girl. He calls for her to be his new cup bearer. 
 
In the middle of the night in King's Landing, Tyrion is presented with a warrant 
from Queen Cersei to release Grand Master Pycelle. He invites his cousin Lancel 
in for a drink. Tyrion questions him, determining he brought warrant right over. 
Tyrion says she must trust him to invite him into her bed chamber in the "hour of 
the wolf." The squire is busted, and ends up protesting that he only slept with 
Cersei because she ordered him to. 
 
Tyrion threatens to tell Joffrey, then explains that instead he should stay close to 
Cersei, but report back to him. 
 
Tyrion tells him to tell Cersei that he begs her forgiveness and won't do anything 
without checking with her in the future. And he'll release Pycelle, but he won't 
have him serving on the council. He says that he could swear that he hadn't harmed 
a hair on his head but "that would not, strictly speaking, be true". 
 
Stannis asks Davos to revert to his old smuggler's ways and smuggle Melisandre 
ashore. Davos suggests there must be other ways, but "cleaner ways don't win 
wars," Stannis tells him. 
 
Davos rows ashore with Melisandre who asks if he's slept with women other than 



his wife and suggests he wants to see what's beneath her robe. She promises him he 
will. 
 
They head into a secret cove but find bars blocking their path. 
 
Melisandre takes off her robe and shows her fully pregnant belly. The light flickers 
and she sits down on her robe and bears down. A black smoke starts pouring out 
from between her legs. A black, spiny, creepy, skeletal something issues forth and 
rises to stand before them, full man-sized. 

 

S2, Ep5 

The Ghost of Harrenhal 

•  In Renly's camp, Catelyn tells Renly that Robb Stark has no interest in the Iron 
Throne. Renly says the Starks can have dominion over the North if they swear the 
same oath of fealty that Ned had done to Robert Baratheon. In return, Renly 
promises to defeat Stannis's army in the morning. 
 
Catelyn asks him again to try to negotiate a peace with Stannis. He won't hear it. 
He tells her to take his terms to Robb. There's a wind at the tent door and 
Melisandre's evil black spirit offspring with a resemblance to Stannis enters and 
stabs Renly in the back. He drops to the ground, dead. 
 
Guards rush in and, thinking Brienne did it, attack her. She fights them off and 
then collapses crying over his body. 
 
Catelyn tells her to leave, warning her that they'll hang her. "You can't avenge him 
if you're dead," she says. The two women take flight. 
 
At King's Landing the next morning, Loras and the Queen try to figure out what to 
do. Petyr warns them Stannis and his boats are near. They don't believe Brienne 
was responsible. Petyr and the Queen warn Loras that he can't avenge Renly if he's 
dead. 
 
The newly widowed Margaery tells Petyr she wants to be "the Queen." 
 
Cersei and Tyrion get the news. They worry about Stannis accumulating power. 
Cersei is still smarting over Tyrion's plans to send Princess Myrcella away to be 
married. Cersei says the King is planning their defense; but she won't tell Tyrion 
the details. 
 
Tyrion and his cousin Lancel secretly meet and Cercei's interim lover tells him 
they're making wildfire with a pyromancer and plan to launch it into Stannis's ships 



and armies. 
 
Davos tries to talk to Stannis about what he saw Melisandre "give birth" to in the 
cave. Stannis doesn't want to hear it. 
 
Stannis plans to sail to King's Landing after he's consolidated his troops. Davos 
worries about him bringing Melisandre with him. He mentions that some people 
think he's under her spell. Davos advises Stannis to shore up Renly's bannerman 
and head to King's Landing without Melisandre. He tells Davos to lead the attack 
to Back Bay, but takes Davos's advisory to heart -- Melisandre will not be going 
with him. 
 
At King's Landing Tyrion walks through the city and comes upon a man giving 
speeches to the crowd about the "rotten King." Tyrion thinks Joffrey is a lost cause. 
The man refers to Tyrion as a "demon monkey" -- people think he's pulling the 
king's strings. 
 
Theon Greyjoy awaits his crew. They're a rough lot. They're heading to the Stony 
Shore to rape and pillage and they're not inclined to listen to Theon. One man 
stares him down, saying he doesn't need a captain. Theon threatens to hunt him 
down for treason. His sister comes by to taunt him for his pathetic crew and 
assignment. She has 30 ships to his one, and with an undisciplined crew at that. 
 
The first mate tells him he'll have to earn their respect. Theon decides to take Stony 
Shore, which the Starks hold, and then hold it until they arrive to fight them off. 
 
In Harrenhal Arya waits on Tywin and his men as they talk about how Robb Stark, 
her brother, continues to outperform their expectations. Tywin asks Arya where 
she's from, then questions her on the sigil. She makes up a new lie when he catches 
that one. He asks what they say about Robb Stark in the North. She says they say 
he rides into battle on a dire wolf and can't be killed. He asks if she believes that. 
 
"No, my lord, anyone can be killed," she wisely responds. 
 
She goes to get water but is intercepted by Jaqen H'ghar, one of the prisoners she 
freed and saved from the fire. He says he always knew she was a girl. He seems 
menacing, but tells her that a man pays his debts. They stole three deaths from the 
Red God when she saved him and his fellow prisoners and he says they have to 
pay them back. She can name any three and he'll kill them. She starts by naming 
the torturer. 
 
Jon Snow and the Night's Watch trek across the vast wintry expanse. Sam goes on 
about Gilly. There's nothing but snowy mountains as far as they can see. They see 
a group approaching. 



 
Tyrion examines a bowl of wildfire -- it can burn through wood, steel and flesh. 
Bronn worries about their own fighters handling it and flinging it accurately. The 
Pyromancer shows them his stash. It fills a vast room. They have 7,811 jars -- at 
Cersei's order. Bronn thinks it's a "s---" idea. Tyrion agrees, the contents of the 
room could destroy King's Landing. 
 
"You won't be making wildfire for my sister anymore; you'll be making it for me," 
Tyrion says. 
 
In Qarth, Daenerys teaches one of her her baby dragons how to scorch his own 
food. She wears a beautiful gown given to her by Xaro, supposedly the richest man 
in Qarth, and the one who vouched for them. She suggests her handmaiden flirt up 
the other men to find out more about him. 
 
At a garden party hosted by Xaro, she has to tell her men not to steal the 
ornamentation. A man greets her on behalf of the warlocks of Qarth and invites her 
to a reception at the House of the Undying. A woman with her face obscured warns 
Jorah that Daenerys will need protecting. 
 
On the road, Brienne insists it was Stannis who killed Renly, but Catelyn thought it 
was a "shadow in the shape of a man." They're riding to Robb's camp to tell him 
what they saw, then Catelyn plans to return to Winterfell. Brienne offers to serve 
Catelyn, whom she says has "a woman's kind of courage." But she wants 
permission to kill Stannis when the time comes. Catelyn agrees. They swear vows 
to each other. 
 
Bran listens to requests from the villagers but they're interrupted by Ser Rodrik 
announcing a town is under attack 40 miles away. Bran doesn't hesitate in telling 
Rodrik to take the men he needs to defend them. 
 
Bran tells Osha that he dreamed the sea had come to Winterfell and the water 
flooded the castle. Ser Rodrik was one who drowned. The sea is hundreds of miles 
away. Osha seems disturbed by this and quickly leaves. 
 
Back out in the mountains, they see an encampment of Wildlings in the distance. A 
ranger named Qhorin Halfhand suggests leading a small group of rangers to attack 
it, and to try getting close to Mance Rayder, the King-beyond-the-Wall. Jon Snow 
wants in on it and Sam offers to take his steward duties while Jon's gone. 
 
In Qarth, Xaro asks Daenerys how long Ser Jorah has been in love with her. She 
denies it. She tells Xaro she wants to retake the Iron Throne and protect her people. 
She asks him why he let her in. 
 



He takes her down to an impenetrable vault door. He has the only key and offers 
her half of what's inside if she marries him. He promises to help her retake the 
Seven Kingdoms and tells her that Robert Baratheon is dead. 
 
Daenerys talks it over with Jorah, who's against it. He says he just wants to see her 
on the Iron Throne because she'd be a good ruler. He tells her to get one ship and 
sail to Westeros to make allies. He promises to find the ship and captain. 
 
In Harrenhal, Gendry is back to making swords. Arya watches, giving him the 
same fighting advice her father and her fencing master Syrio Forel had given her. 
 
They hear a scream and run to inspect. The chief torturer is dead in the courtyard 
of a broken neck. Jaqen H'ghar looks down from above, catching Arya's eye and 
making a sign. She approves. 

 

S2, Ep6 

The Old Gods and the New 

•  Winterfell 
 
Maester Luwin barricades himself inside and scrambles to write a note to send with 
a raven. There are noises of a battle outside. He lets the raven go and guards break 
down the door and burst into the room. 
 
Similarly, Theon Greyjoy bursts in on Bran and in an almost friendly, brotherly 
manner, tells him he's taken Winterfell. He uses threats against the people to 
convince Bran to publicly tell them he's yielding Winterfell to save them. Bran 
asks Theon if he always hated them. 
 
Outside, Bran tells the people of Winterfell that he's yielding. Theon orders Luwin 
to send a raven to his father notifying him of his victory and a raven to his sister 
asking for 500 men. 
 
Osha, the captive Wildling, asks Theon for permission to fight for him, but he 
laughs her off. Bran asks her why she would switch sides. She says it's his dream; 
the ocean has come to Winterfell. She doesn't plan to let it drown her. 
 
Soldiers bring Ser Rodrik in and he proceeds to chew Theon out for his betrayal. 
Rodrik spits in his face. Theon plans to lock him in a cell but Dagmer argues that 
no one will respect him if he doesn't punish Rodrik harshly. 
 
Theon sentences Rodrik to death. Luwin and Bran both plead with him to 
reconsider, with Luwin arguing that Rodrik is worth more to them alive than dead. 



 
Theon looks at the two sides waiting to see what he'll do and goes ahead with it. 
Bran pleads and Rodrik tells him he's off to see Bran's father. Rodrik taunts Theon 
into doing it himself. Theon hacks away and finally lops off his head. 
 
Beyond the Wall 
 
Qhorin Halfhand leads the small band of crows towards the Wilding sentries. As 
they walk he tries to explain to Jon Snow the dangers of being North of the wall in 
Wildling country. 
 
Harrenhal 
 
Twyin Lannister admonishes the barely literate Amory Lorch for directing a letter 
to a house loyal to the Starks and giving away their plans. He notices Arya can 
read. 
 
Petyr Baelish is introduced and Arya tries to hide in a corner. She clears the table, 
trying to be invisible. But Twyin calls for wine. 
 
Petyr reports he came from Renly's camp. Arya serves them but works to hide her 
face from Baelish. 
 
He points out the Tyrells have yet to declare allegiance. Loras wants revenge and 
Maegery wants to be queen. Tywin remembers House Tyrell rebelled against the 
Iron Throne, against his grandson. 
 
Arya listens. 
 
Baelish takes note of her when she spills wine on him. He tells Tywin about 
meeting with Catelyn Stark to discuss her daughters. 
 
Beyond the Wall 
 
In the mountains, Jon Snow and his men surround wildlings and attack. Jon's about 
to kill the last one when he realizes she's a woman, Ygritte. She says there are 
hundreds of thousands more nearby. They quiz her on her people's plans. 
 
Qhorin Halfhand tells Jon they can't spare a man to watch her. Jon says he'll kill 
her as the rest of his party continues on, but he hesitates and she takes off running. 
He chases her over the snowy hills and cuts her off. He pins her and pulls out his 
dagger. She taunts him and points out its nearly dark and he's separated from his 
men. 
 



King's Landing 
 
Cersei and her family watch at the shore as Princess Myrcella sails away. Full of 
venom, she tells Tyrion she hopes he truly loves someone someday so she can take 
her away. 
 
Joffrey mocks his younger brother for being upset and irks the Hound by calling 
him dog. 
 
Walking back to the palace among the people, Tyrion can sense the crowd turning. 
A cow pie hits Joffrey in the head and as he calls for whoever did it to be punished 
as the crowd begins to riot. People start attacking and the royal party tries to get 
back to safety. The crowd rips the Royal Septon to pieces. The Hound grabs 
Joffrey and the majority, except Sansa, make it to the castle. 
 
Joffrey rages about the people turning on him, saying he wants them all dead but 
Tyrion yells at him, saying they're starving because of the foolish war Joffrey 
started. Joffrey can't believe how Tyrion is talking to him, but Tyrion slaps him to 
make his point. Tyrion asks where Sansa is but Joffrey doesn't care. Tyrion lectures 
that she's the only way they get Jaime back. Joffrey still refuses to give an order to 
save her. 
 
Sansa runs down an alley but gets trapped by four men in a barn. They're about 
gang rape her when the Hound comes in and disembowels one, snaps another's 
neck and brutally kills a third. 
 
Qarth 
 
Dany gets impatient waiting for the Spice King, the second wealthiest man in 
Qarth. Xaro Xhoan Daxos waits with her. When he arrives, Dany cuts to the chase 
and tells them she wants his ships to cross the Narrow Sea to retake the Iron 
Throne. She promises to repay him three times over. 
 
He questions her strategy, pointing out she has no army and no allies. He refuses to 
back her based on dreams. 
 
She tells him about dreaming that she took the dragon eggs into the fire and that 
dream coming true as they hatched; her dreams come true. He's unmoved and 
refuses to help her because it's bad business. 
 
Back at Harrenhal, Arya sees a note on the table about Robb's military movements. 
Tywin finds her and tells her about teaching dyslexic Jaime to read. He asks about 
her father. She says he was a stone mason, but he's dead. What killed him? Twyin 
asks. Loyalty, she says, and Tywin is impressed with her maturity. She asks Tywin 



if he knew his father. As Twyin is distractedly talking, Arya takes the note from 
the table and hides it on her person. 
 
Later, in the courtyard, she reads it. It says Robb is moving his troops south by the 
coast. She runs off with the note but runs into Amory Lorch. He grabs the note, 
which he cannot read, from her and is about to take her to Twyin, but she bolts. 
She races through the courtyard looking for Jaqen H'ghar. She finds him and 
desperately blurts out "Amory Lorch," and insists that he must be killed now. 
 
Amory Lorch is given leave to enter Tywin's chamber and is about to show him the 
paper he'd taken from Tywin's "cup girl" when he falls dead of a poison dart to the 
back of his neck. 
 
Robb's Encampment 
 
Robb walks through camp, thanking and chatting with his men, who all seem to 
like him. He sees the field nurse who was brutally honest with him before, Talisa. 
She still won't say who she is, but he's sure that she is of noble birth. 
 
She jokes about being a spy. He invites her to join him, but they're interrupted by 
his mother, who has returned with Brienne. Catelyn doesn't recognize her family 
name from Volantis. She reminds Robb he's promised to another by debt and 
cannot follow his heart. 
 
They get the news that Theon has captured Winterfell. 
 
Beyond the Wall 
 
Jon leads Ygritte around the mountains and realizes he has lost his men. She tries 
to convince him to light a fire, but he refuses. She points out they'll stay warmer if 
they huddle. He begrudgingly lays down with her. He thinks his men will find him. 
She thinks he's stupid but brave. She grinds her body on him provocatively but he 
barks at her to stop. 
 
Robb's Encampment 
 
Robb cannot believe the news about Theon taking Winterfell. They learn about Ser 
Rodrik's death at the hand of Theon. Robb wants to retake Winterfell himself, but 
Roose Bolton convinces him to let him send his bastard son instead. Robb wants 
his brothers protected and Theon brought alive so he can kill him himself. 
 
At Winterfell, Osha makes a deal with Theon; sex for her freedom. 
 
King's Landing 



 
In King's Landing, Shae treats the cut on Sansa's head. Sansa is reeling from the 
idea that men who didn't even know her wanted her dead. She complains to Shae 
that she hates the king more than anyone, but Shae warns her to be careful who she 
says that to and not to trust anyone. 
 
Winterfell 
 
Osha sneaks out of Theon's bed in the middle of the night. She is intercepted by 
one of Theon's men but she distracts him by kissing him and then slits his throat. 
The coast is clear, she whistles for Rickon and Hodor carrying Bran and they sneak 
away with their direwolves. 
 
Qarth 
 
Dany is irritated at getting turned down by everyone for ships. She and Xaro return 
to her quarters and find all of her Khalasar murdered and her dragons gone. 
 
Someone carries the caged dragons up a flight of steps towards a tall tower. 

 

S2, Ep7 

A Man Without Honor 

•  Winterfell 
 
Theon wakes up alone in bed. He chews out his men for letting Hodor, Bran, 
Rickon and Osha escape. One of his men points out Theon was busy having sex 
with Osha, so he beats and stomps on him. They head out after the Stark boys, 
bringing Maester Luwin with them. 
 
Theon tells Luwin he won't kill the boys if he finds them soon. He's counting on 
his sister and her men to beat Robb's men back to Winterfell. 
 
The dogs start barking. 
 
But way ahead, the Stark boys are clear. They didn't bring enough food, but Bran 
doesn't want to risk stopping at a nearby farm and putting the family there at risk if 
Theon catches up to them. The Stark boys remember two young orphan boys that 
live there. 
 
Beyond the wall 
 
Jon wakes up pressed against Ygritte, his wildling captive out on the mountains. 



"Did you pull a knife on me in the night?" she asks as he cuddles close to her. 
 
By his uncomfortable reaction, she realizes he's a virgin. He partially unties her 
and leads her away. She taunts him, wondering what happens to him if he doesn't 
get sex. Jon explains there are no women of the Night's Watch. 
 
She questions his vow and they get into an argument over whose people have 
claim to the land since both have been there forever. 
 
Harrenhal 
 
Lord Tywin hangs guards one by one, trying to figure out who poisoned Amory 
Lorch with a wolf's bane dart. They've already hanged 20 men. Tywin thinks they 
were trying to kill him. 
 
Arya brings him food and listens as Gregor Cligane tells Tywin they think it was 
an infiltrator from the Brotherhood without Banners. 
 
Tywin sees that Arya brought mutton, which he doesn't like. She offers to bring 
something else, but he tells her to sit and eat. 
 
He tells her it'll be his last war, win or lose. She holds her cutting knife and 
contemplates the back of Lord Tywin's neck as he goes on about his legacy. 
 
She knows Harrenhal was attacked by dragons; they never planned against that. 
Aegon Targaryen led the attack, Arya knows the names of the dragons and the 
sisters who rode with him. 
 
He asks how she learned all that, but then doesn't believe her stone mason father 
taught her. He corrects her to say "m'lord" to pass as a commoner, but she keeps up 
her ruse. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Sansa passes Sandor Clegane in the hall and thanks him for saving her, but he says 
he enjoys killing. 
 
"You'll be glad of the hateful things I do someday when you're queen, and I'm all 
that stands between you and your beloved king," he says. 
 
Qarth 
 
Xaro promises to help Dany get her dragons back, because he cannot let this thing 
happen to her while she is under his roof. She's not hearing it. 



 
Beyond the Wall 
 
Ygritte keeps ranting about the wildling way being better than Jon's. She tells him 
he doesn't have to spend his whole life taking orders from some old man. He tries 
to ignore her. 
 
Robb's Encampment 
 
Robb listens to a report from Ser Alton about Cersei's reaction to Robb's offer. He 
orders his men to keep Alton with Jaime for now. 
 
Talisa drops by to ask for supplies to treat the wounded. He lets her speak frankly 
to him. She wants to send a list of what she needs with him when he negotiates the 
surrender of the Crag. He invites her to come with him to look at the supplies, he 
wants all prisoners treated well. 
 
Winterfell 
 
Theon beats up on the man of a farm house when he says he hasn't seen the Stark 
boys. One of his men finds Rickon's cracked walnuts. They send Luwin back to 
Winterfell. Theon gets a crafty look on his face. 
 
Qarth 
 
Jorah returns to Danerys after looking for a ship. She is depressed, and feeling 
alone and betrayed. He assures her people in Westeros will welcome her. He asks 
for her trust, and places a kind hand on her shoulder, but she snaps at him for being 
too familiar. He asks how he can help. "Find my dragons," she says. 
 
Beyond the Wall 
 
Ygritte threatens to tell Jon's men they had sex, then suggests they might as well 
since it's his word against hers. 
 
She keeps flirting with him but he resists so she takes off running. She disappears 
from view. Jon follows but then quickly sees he's surrounded by Wildlings. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Sansa has a nightmare about nearly getting gang raped. She wakes up and 
discovers with horror that she has gotten her first period. She tries to cut the blood 
out of the sheet, because if Cersei knows she can have Joffrey's children now he'll 
try. Shae helps, but another hand maiden comes in, sees, and runs off to tell Cersei. 



 
Shae pulls a knife on her, telling her to say nothing. 
 
Shae returns and finds Sandor in Sansa's room. 
 
Sansa meets with Cersei, who tells her having the King's children is the greatest 
honor for a queen. Cersei says Joffrey has always been difficult. Cersei remembers 
how Robert used to always go hunting when she was due. "You may never love the 
King, but you will love his children," Cersei says. Sansa assures her she loves 
Joffrey. 
 
Cersei tells her the more people she loves, the weaker you are. "Love no one but 
your children," Cersei says, saying she can try to love Joffrey as well. 
 
Robb's Encampment 
 
Alton shares a pen with Jaime, who doesn't remember him at all. Finally, Jaime 
remembers that Alton squired for him at a wedding and did a good job. 
 
Alton has a bit of hero worship, remembering Jaime jousting as the best day of his 
life. 
 
Jaime remembers squiring for someone on a battlefield. 
 
"It's a good thing I am who I am, I would have been useless at anything else," 
Jaime says. He says he's not suited to be a prisoner, but he imagines Ned Stark was 
a very good prisoner. 
 
Alton asks Jaime if he's thought about escaping and inches closer. "It's quite 
simple, you only have to do one thing," Jaime whispers in his ear. "You'll have to 
die." 
 
Jaime pounds on him until the jailer comes in to check on him. Jaimie throttles the 
jailer around the neck with his chains, gets his keys, and makes his escape. 
 
Qarth 
 
Jorah pays a visit to the woman with the covered face, who can tell that he loves 
Danerys. She asks if he'll betray Danerys "again" and he says never. She tells him 
the one who took Daenerys' dragons is with her now. 
 
The Spice King and the Thirteen are listening to Danerys plead for their return. She 
says the dragons will die without her. 
 



Listening to her plea, Pyat Pree says they should be returned -- and so he'll give 
them to her. He made an arrangement with the King of Qarth. Daenerys is 
confused, there is no King. 
 
"There is now," Xaro says. 
 
Daenerys can only watch as Pyat's projections walk up behind all the Thirteen, 
except Xaro, and slit their throats. 
 
She runs. Pyat follows, saying a mother should be with her children. Pyat -- or a 
projection of him -- stops her. Jorah stabs it, but it crumples to only a pile of 
clothes. 
 
Pyat appears again, telling her to go see her dragons in the House of the Undying. 
 
Robb's Encampment 
 
A soldier tells Catelyn that Jaime Lannister has been caught. He's dragged back 
into camp with chains around his neck as people shout for him to be hanged. 
 
Catelyn has to stop Lord Karstark, whose son Jaime killed in the escape, from 
killing Jaime with Robb away negotiating the surrender at the Crag. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Tyrion reads a raven scroll: "Stannis Baratheon's fleet has been spotted sailing 
north, past Tarth. Two Hundred ships." That's more than they have and he'll be 
there in four or five days. Cersei is counting on raining fire on them from above. 
Tyrion realizes she's quoting their father. 
 
Tyrion says it's time Joffrey start acting like a King. Cersei says he doesn't listen. 
"It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on his head," Tyrion 
says. 
 
"I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him," Cersei says. Then she adds, 
"in a certain light." 
 
Cersei wonders if Joffrey's sadism is the price she has to pay for having children 
with her brother. Tyrion sympathetically reminds her that the Targaryens wed 
brothers and sisters for hundreds of years. But she remembers half of them went 
mad. He tells her she's beaten the odds with Tommen and Myrcella. They wonder 
what to do. Tyrian almost reaches out to comfort Cersei as she cries. They both 
feel uncomfortable with the intimacy. 
 



Robb's Encampment 
 
Catelyn and Brienne realize they're about to have a problem on their hands with 
people wanting Jaime's head and Robb still gone. 
 
Catelyn visits Jaime in his pen and demands to speak with him alone. Catelyn tells 
Jaime he's a man with no honor. Jaime taunts her, saying that the only woman he's 
ever been with is Cersei, which makes him better than Ned. 
 
He winds her up by talking about "honorable Ned Stark" bringing home the bastard 
Jon Snow and how much she must have hated him. 
 
Catelyn calls for Brienne's sword. 
 
Winterfell 
 
Theon addresses the people, telling them he warned them what would happen. Men 
bring Maester Luwin in in chains. He looks on in horror as Theon reveals two 
small charred bodies in nooses. Even Theon looks a little shaken at the sight. 

 

S2, Ep8 

The Prince of Winterfell 

•  Winterfell 
 
Theon welcomes riders with his sister, Yara, and she immediately mocks him for 
killing the Stark boys. He says the Northerners would have thought he was weak if 
he hadn't killed them. 
 
She's not there to defend Winterfell, she's there to bring him home. She thinks 
there will be hell to pay when Robb Stark finds out what Theon has done to the 
Stark boys. But Theon says he's killed the ravens and is holding the horses so Robb 
won't find out. Yara asks him nicely to come home with her so he doesn't die there. 
 
Beyond the Wall 
 
Ygritte brings her prisoner Jon Snow to her people. They order him killed until she 
points out he's Ned Stark's bastard son. She thinks Mance will want to decide what 
to do with him. They've also captured Qhorin Half-hand. 
 
Robb's camp 
 
Robb talks to Talisa about his promised marriage to Lord Walder Frey's daughter 



to get a key bridge. He says he's fighting because he believes in justice. Robb tells 
Talisa how much he loved his father Ned, and she says he was loved by his people. 
A rider approaches and tells them that Jaime Lannister has escaped. 
 
Robb rides back to camp and confronts his mother. She tells him that she let Jaime 
go back to King's Landing in return for Arya's and Sansa's freedom. 
 
Robb tells her that Jaime played her for a fool and weakened their position, and she 
did it all behind his back. He orders her guarded and orders more men sent after 
Jaime. 
 
Out on the road, Brienne marches Jaime in chains. He tries to goad her into 
undoing his chains and fighting him. They get in a small boat and float down a 
river as Brienne paddles. 
 
Harrenhal 
 
Ayra hears a briefing about Stannis approaching King's Landing. Scouts are saying 
Robb is North. They know Robb sent a splinter force to Winterfell and think he's 
weakened. 
 
Tywin announces they'll ride at nightfall. He orders the Mountain, Ser Clegane to 
hold Harrenhal and track down the Brotherhood without Banners. He tells Arya to 
stay there. 
 
Arya tries to track down Jaqen H'ghar and hears he's on watch. She can't find him. 
 
Beyond the wall 
 
Jon and Qhorin are marched through the snow. Qhorin whispers that Jon might be 
able to get intel from inside about Mance's plans to march on the Wall, if Jon does 
"what needs to be done." He says one man behind the lines is worth a thousand 
outside. 
 
Qhorin yells at Jon for the wildling's benefit, calling him a traitor and kicking him 
down a hill. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Tyrion and Bronn try to plan a defense of King's Landing, by consulting history 
books. Varys joins them. 
 
Tyrion worries about how well Stannis knows King's Landing, he sees Mud Gate 
as a place Stannis might attack, since it's near the sea. Tyrion says his defense plan 



involves pig poop. 
 
Fist of the First Men 
 
Samwell, Grenn and Dolorous Edd dig trenches in the snow for latrines. Edd 
assumes Jon and Qhorin are dead. They dig until they hit stone. Sam recognizes it 
as a marking by the first men. 
 
They turn over the stone and find a hollow space containing a bundle of obsidian 
daggers and spear-tips wrapped in a Night's Watch cloak. Samwell refers to them 
as Dragon-Glass. 
 
Harrenhal 
 
Arya finally runs into Jaquen. She's irritated she missed her chance at Tywin, so 
she says the man Jaquen must kill is Jaquen. He takes it very seriously and 
demands she un-name him. She agrees; if he helps her and her friends escape. He 
resists, she names him again. 
 
He relents and tells her to be ready at midnight. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Tyrion and Cersei share dinner. Tyrion thinks Joffrey going to war and fighting is a 
good idea, but Cersei thinks he's taking her children away from her. 
 
She tells Tyrion she has his "whore." She says a Lannister always pays her debts, 
and reminds him about him sending Myrcella away. She knows he cares about her 
and promises if Joffrey is hurt, she'll do whatever is done to him to his "whore." 
Tyrion is visibly shaken. 
 
Cersei orders the whore brought in. It's Ros. He doesn't blink, and tries to pretend 
he cares about Ros, and tells her to be brave and that he will free her. Cersei smirks 
an evil smirk. You can tell she is enjoying this game. 
 
"I will hurt you for this," Tyrion says with great gravity. "A day will come when 
you think you're safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth -- 
and you'll know the debt is paid." 
 
Tyrion leaves and races home to Shae. She's unharmed and waiting for him. He 
tells her she's beautiful and that they have to be more careful. He kneels at her feet 
and looks pained as he looks up at her and tells her there are people who want to 
hurt him. He says he'd kill for her, and he suspects he'll have to before it's all over. 
He loves her very much and he says she is his, and she says he is hers. 



 
Robb's camp 
 
Robb tells Roose Bolton to give word at Winterfell that any Iron man who 
surrenders will be allowed to return home, unharmed. Any except Theon. 
 
Talisa drops by. She asks how he is doing and he unloads the long list of his 
troubles. Then he apologizes, saying that's not the King he wants to be. 
 
She confesses she was raised to play the harp and recite poetry. He offers her wine 
and asks how she went from reciting poetry to sawing off men's feet. 
 
She tells a story of when she was 12 and her parents went to a Valyrian wedding 
out of town. She and her little brother went to the river to play and she lost track of 
him. She found him floating face down and dragged him from the water. 
 
She screamed and shook him, but he was dead. A fishing boat slave pushed her out 
of the way -- an offense punishable by death -- and started pressing on her brother's 
chest until he spit up the water and was revived. 
 
She decided that day that she didn't want a life of poetry and harps and that she'd 
never live in a slave city again. 
 
She stops and apologizes for going on. 
 
He's totally mesmerized. Robb interrupts, saying he doesn't want to marry the Frey 
girl. 
 
"I don't want you to marry the Frey girl, but you needed that bridge. I hope it's a 
very beautiful bridge," she says. 
 
He kisses her and they race to take each other's clothes off. 
 
Harrenhal 
 
At midnight, Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie wait to escape, but Jaquen didn't offer a lot 
of direction. They see guards on either side of the gate, but Arya decides to trust 
he'll keep his word. She walks out in full view. As they get closer to the guards 
they see they're dead, hanged in place. 
 
At Sea 
 
On Stannis' boat, they're a day away from King's Landing. Stannis remembers 
nearly starving to death trying to hold Storm's End. He says they ate the horses 



first, then the cats, then the dogs, then the rats. He talks about Davos smuggling in 
Onions and helping to break the siege. He tells Davos he wants him to be his Hand 
when he is on the Iron Throne. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Varys tells Joffrey he hasn't heard word from the North for a long time. Joffrey 
isn't taking the approach of Stannis seriously and says he plans to ride out and greet 
him with his sword. He makes several boastful threats, which of course Tyrion 
laughs at. 
 
Left alone, Varys and Tyrion talk about the future. Tyrion likes being the King's 
Hand and would like to keep doing it. Varys has heard that Danerys is alive in 
Qarth and she has three dragons, but it will be years before they're fully grown. 
 
Qarth 
 
Jorah tells Danerys he has found them a ship leaving tonight, but she won't go 
without her dragons. She wants to go after them in the House of the Undying, but 
he worries because it's exactly what the warlock wants. She reminds him of her 
magic that protected her from the fire and tells him again to take her to the 
dragons. 
 
Winterfell 
 
Theon suggests it's time to take down the burnt bodies. He has gold for the farmer's 
"troubles" -- presumably the loss of his two sons. He is told the farmer is dead. 
 
Maester Luwin is walking through the courtyard and sees Osha sneaking bread. He 
looks twice at the burnt bodies, trying to decide if they're Bran and Rickon. 
 
He follows her down into the cellar. Osha describes the path she took through the 
land and the river to throw off the hounds. They doubled back to Winterfell 
because it's the last place anyone would look. 
 
They figure the dead boys were the orphans who worked for the farmer, but agree 
not to tell the Stark boys. We see Bran and Rickon, safe and sound in the dark. 
Bran hears Osha and Luwin talking about the death of the orphan boys who he 
tried to protect, and tears well up in his eyes. 

 

S2, Ep9 

Blackwater 



•  At Sea Stannis and his fleet approach King's Landing. Davos' son Matthos thinks 
the Red God will protect them and when the fight is over his father will be the 
King's hand. 
 
King's Landing Tyrion lies in bed with Shae, worrying that if the city falls, Stannis 
will burn every Lannister he can find. Shae promises not to let them hurt him, and 
reveals the dagger strapped to her thigh. 
 
Cersei waits for the attack with a glass of wine. Maester Pycelle tries to work up to 
giving Cersei advice and then presents her with a vial of nightshade, just in case 
she feels like killing herself. She takes it but sends him away, not wanting to listen 
to him. 
 
Bronn leads a drinking song with the goldcloaks and whores. He undresses one 
having a grand old time until the Hound comes in, very surly, and giving him the 
evil eye. They briefly debate the merits of killing. The Hound says Bronn is just 
like him, only smaller. 
 
The Hound stares him down, saying Tyrion will miss him someday. Bronn stands 
to face him, ready to draw his dagger when the bells toll. 
 
Varys brings Tyrion the map he asked for with 50 miles of tunnels beneath the 
city. He's not planning on running. Varys warns Tyrion about Stannis using the 
dark arts and that he believes Tyrion is the only man who can stop him. 
 
At Sea Davos orders drums to respond to the bells from King's Landing. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Joffrey wants Sansa to see him off to war by kissing his new sword that he's named 
"Hearteater." 
 
Sansa asks if he'll be out fighting with the vanguard. He explains that kings don't 
discuss strategy with stupid girls. She traps him by saying she is being stupid, of 
course he'll be out there, her brother Robb is always in the thick of things and he's 
"only a pretender." 
 
Sansa's sure Joffrey will be back. "The worst ones always live," she tells Shae. 
 
Inside the castle walls, the guards prepare for war and families flee to safety. 
 
Joffrey and Tyrion go to the wall and Joffrey is surprised to see his ships are gone. 
He demands answers, threatening to cut Tyrion in half if he doesn't get them. 
 



"That would make me the quarter man, and that just doesn't have the same ring to 
it," Tyrion replies. He grabs a torch and explains it's all part of the plan. 
 
At Sea 
 
Davos is concerned not to see any ships waiting for them. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Sansa and Shae hang out in a bunker for women. Cersei calls Sansa over and offers 
her wine. Cersei gets word of people stealing horses and orders them killed and 
their heads put on spikes. She asks for more wine. 
 
On the castle wall, they call for the archers as Stannis' ships approach. Joffrey 
whimpers when they wait to attack. One ship comes out from King's Landing to 
meet Stannis' fleet. 
 
At Sea 
 
Davos calls for archers and they watch as the ship sails silently past. They see 
there's no one on board. They see wildfire pouring out of the ship and Davos orders 
them to steer clear. 
 
King's Landing 
 
On the battlement, Hallyne gleefully hands Tyrion a torch; Tyrion drops the torch 
over the side of the stone wall. From across the cliff, Bronn sees the flame fall 
from Tyrion's position -- it is a signal and he fires a single flaming arrow into the 
wildfire by the ships. Davos sees what's about to happen, but it's too late. Matthos 
ship ignites first, followed by Davos'. The people of King's Landing witness an 
incredible conflagration as dozens of ships go up in the green flame of wildfire. 
Tyrion watches in horror as ships break into splinters and men scream in the water. 
 
Watching the display, Stannis orders his men forward. He says "the dwarf has 
played his trick" and "it will only work once." One of his men warns him hundreds 
will die. "Thousands," Stannis corrects. 
 
An increasingly inebriated Cersei calls Sansa over to mock her for praying. She 
gets Sansa more wine and tells Sansa she should have been born a man, she hates 
being cooped up. Cersei says that if the city falls, she'll be forced to try to seduce 
Stannis, but she'd have better chances seducing his horse. She counsels Sansa that 
her best weapon is between her legs, then warns her that if the city falls, all of the 
women "should be in for a bit of a rape." 
 



Back on the wall, Tyrion orders his men to rain fire on Stannis' approaching fleet. 
He sends the Hound out to greet them. Joffrey looks generally panicked and 
twitchy. 
 
Stannis' men land on the shore and flaming arrows rain down upon them from the 
castle. Still, Stannis and some men make it to the castle walls. The King's Landing 
guards throw rocks over the battlements. Stannis orders his men to the mud gate. 
The Hound and his men emerge on the shore and fight, Lancel is wounded and 
retreats for the castle. 
 
A drunker Cersei talks to Sansa about Jaime being taught to fight when they were 
children and her being taught to be lovely and polite before being sold to Robert 
for him to "ride like a horse." 
 
Cersei finally gets a good look at Shae and says that she doesn't recognize her. 
When Shae approaches and botches a curtsey, Cersei is suspicious and wonders 
how she got where she is without learning how to curtsy properly. She demands 
that Shae tell her story, but then Lancel busts in and tells Cersei that Stannis' fleet 
is destroyed but he still made land. Cersei orders him to bring Joffrey back to his 
chambers. 
 
Cersei fesses up to Sansa that one of the guards, Ser Ilyn Payne, the king's 
executioner, isn't there to protect them; if Stannis takes the city, he won't be taking 
them alive. 
 
Back outside, the Hound splits men in two and keeps fighting. He's momentarily 
frozen in his tracks when a man on fire runs at him screaming. Bronn saves him 
with an arrow to the flaming man. 
 
The Hound is totally unsettled by all the fire, has a battlefield epiphany, and leads 
his men back in the castle walls. 
 
Stannis orders the ladders up the walls and goes up one first. He's on the castle wall 
quickly. 
 
Inside, the Hound calls for wine which he chugs. Tyrion yells at him. The Hound 
tells him he lost half his men. Joffrey bleats at him to go back out. The Hound tells 
the city, the guard and Joffrey to eff off and walks away. 
 
Stannis' men use their upturned landing ships as protection from the flaming 
arrows and approach the castle walls. They prepare a battering ram. 
 
Lancel comes for Joffrey to bring him back to the Red Keep. "If you won't defend 
your own city, why should they?" Tyrion asks of him. 



 
Joffrey asks if his mother had urgent business with him, looking for an out. Then 
he orders his men to represent him on the field of battle. Tyrion and all the men see 
him skulk away. 
 
His men below observe their King's cowardice and their will to fight diminishes. 
 
Tyrion calls for his helmet and shouts that he'll lead the attack. The men need some 
convincing. Tyrion says there's another way out and he'll show it to them and 
they'll attack from behind. He tells the soldiers not to fight for their king or for 
money or anything, but to fight for their city, to protect their houses and their 
women. "Those are brave men knocking at our door, let's go kill them!" he shouts. 
The men rally. 
 
Not having seen any of this, Lancel reports to Cersei that the battle is lost and that 
Joffrey should go back out and fight. He tries to talk some sense into her, but she 
punches him in his arrow wound and storms off. 
 
Sansa assures the women that Joffrey will save them and suggests they sing a 
hymn. Shae tells Sansa to go to her room and bar the door so the guard doesn't kill 
her. 
 
Shae's staying to say good-bye to someone and has her knife strapped to her leg. 
 
Back in her chamber, Sansa finds the Hound waiting. He tells her he's going some 
place that isn't burning. 
 
"What about the king?" she asks. 
 
"He can die just fine on his own," he says. 
 
He offers to take her to Winterfell and promises to keep her safe. When she says 
Stannis won't hurt her, he tells her he's a killer, as was her father and brothers. She 
realizes the hound doesn't mean her any harm. 
 
Stannis and his men continue attacking the walls and Tyrion and his men sneak out 
behind them. Tyrion hacks away at soldiers' knees. 
 
They fight off the attacking group quickly and start chanting "Half man," but the 
victory doesn't last long when a huge wave of Stannis' troops approach from 
another direction. 
 
A new clash ensues. Tyrion is attacked by Ser Mandon of Joffrey's Kingsguard and 
receives a severe slash on his face, but is saved when his squire, Podrick stabs his 



attacker with a spear. Clearly, either Cersei or Joffrey did not intend for Tyrion to 
survive this battle. Tyrion slowly loses consciousness as the wound on his face 
bleeds. 
 
Cersei huddles with her young son Tommen on the Iron Throne and tells him the 
story of a mother and her cub and how she told him that one day everyone will 
bow to him. 
 
Outside on the battle shores, the battle turns when a group of mounted knights 
seemingly led by Renly Baratheon in his antlered helm and armor crashes into 
Stannis' flank. 
 
Cersei is about to feed Tommen the nightshade when someone bursts through the 
doors to the throne room. 
 
On the wall, Stannis' men drag him away from the lost battle. 
 
Twyin strides majestically into the throne room and greets his daughter Cersei. It's 
clear that the Lannisters had made a pact with House Tyrell as the armored knight 
removes Renly's helmet and reveals himself to be Ser Loras Tyrell. 
 
"The battle is over, we have won," Tywin announces as she lets the vial of deadly 
nightshade fall and shatter on the throne room floor. 

 

S2, Ep10 

Valar Morghulis 

•  Kings Landing 
 
Tyrion wakes up bandaged to find Maester Pycelle standing over his bed. He calls 
for someone to alert Varys and Bronn that he's still alive. 
 
Pycelle informs him that Stannis suffered a stunning defeat at the hands of his 
father Tywin. Tyrion has been moved to decidedly less comfortable 
accommodations. He's informed he's no longer Hand of the King. 
 
In the Throne Room, King Joffrey proclaims his grandfather Twyin the hero of the 
realm and reiterates his position as Hand of the King. Petyr Baelish, for uniting the 
houses of Lannister and Tyrell, is raised to a Lord and is given the lands and Castle 
of Harrenhal. In the crowd, Varys glowers. 
 
Up next, Joffrey promises Loras Tyrell anything he should ask for. Loras states 
that his sister Margaery remains "innocent" and therefore is able to re-marry. He 



suggests they join their two houses by marriage. Margaery, wearing her lowest cut 
gown, professes she fell in love with Joffrey from afar and he says the same, but 
says he's promised to another. 
 
In the gallery, Sansa looks on nervously. 
 
Joffrey says he has to keep his word, but Cersei pipes up that it wouldn't be wise to 
marry a woman whose father was beheaded for treason and whose brother is at war 
against them. She says, for the good of the realm, "your counselors beg you to set 
Sansa Stark aside." Joffrey says again he took a vow. 
 
Pycelle totters out and says his father made this pact before the Starks revealed 
their "falseness." He says he has consulted with the High Septon and that their 
crimes free Joffrey of any promises of King Robert's. Joffrey happily agrees to wed 
Margaery. 
 
Sansa quietly walks away, then suppresses a relieved smile. 
 
Baelish intercepts her and disabuses her of the notion that she'll be free to go, 
saying Joffrey will still beat her and have his way with her. "Joffrey's not the sort 
of boy who gives away his toys," he says. 
 
But, out of kindness for her mother, he offers to get her home. 
 
In the whorehouse, Ros gets a visit from Varys. She doesn't recognize him at first. 
He knows about her being beaten. Varys tells her she's right to be afraid of Baelish, 
but they could be partners. He claims to know his weaknesses. 
 
Along the river shore 
 
Brienne and Jaime make shore. They find three women strung up by their necks 
with a sign declaring that they had laid down with lions. Brienne pauses to cut 
them down and bury them. Three Stark men approach and Brienne ignores Jaime's 
request to be cut free. The men laugh at the fact that she's a woman. When she asks 
the men whether the three tavern wenches had a quick death, one of them says that 
two of the deaths were quick, the third was not. They keep pressing Brienne for 
information on her prisoner. When they ask his crime, Jaime and Brienne both sell 
the story he's a thief, but one of the men recognizes him as Jaime Lannister. 
Brienne insists he's not. The leader of the men tells Brienne and Jaime to say what 
his name is at the same time at the count of three. Brienne takes out her sword and 
cuts them all down, but the third she takes her time with, skewering him in a way 
to make sure he won't rape again. 
 
Jaime points out she just killed Stark men. "I don't serve the Starks, I serve Lady 



Catelyn. I told you I'd take you to King's Landing and that's what I'm going to do," 
she says. 
 
Robb's Camp 
 
Robb tells his mother he loves Talisa and doesn't intend to go through with his 
arranged marriage to Lord Walder Frey's daughter. Lady Stark once again attempts 
to steer him back to his betrothal and warns that Lord Frey is not someone to trifle 
with. Robb is defiant, saying "My father is dead and the only parent I have left has 
no right to call anyone reckless," he says. 
 
Stannis' camp 
 
Stannis is angry at Melisandre, saying that she promised he'd win, that she saw it in 
the fire. She says he can still win. He starts to choke her, asking where her god is 
now. "In you," she croaks out. 
 
He lets her go and she coos in his ear, saying that the war will go on for years and 
before it's over he'll betray everything he believes in, his own family and his own 
men, but it will all be worth it, because he'll win. He still doubts. 
 
She tells him to look into the fire. He looks and sees. 
 
Winterfell 
 
Theon sulks in front of the fire, knowing he's surrounded and angry that they're 
blowing the horn incessantly to keep him from sleeping. He wants more ravens 
sent to his father but Maester Luwin reminds him he killed all the ravens. 
 
He laments being raised as a prisoner and then returning home to a father who 
didn't care. Luwin suggests he run. But there's nowhere to run to, Theon says. He 
couldn't go home a coward. Luwin suggests he join the Night's Watch, where he'd 
be beyond the law. Luwin tells him about the secret passageways. 
 
Luwin tells him on the Night's Watch he'll have opportunities to make amends. 
"I've known you many years, Theon Greyjoy. You're not the man you're pretending 
to be," Luwin tells him. "You may be right, but I've come too far to pretend to be 
anything else," Theon says. 
 
Theon goes outside and gives a rousing speech to his 20 remaining men, saying 
history will remember the Battle of Winterfell. "What is dead may never die!" he 
ends. Then his own man Dagmer Cleftjaw knocks him unconscious. They thought 
he'd never shut up. 
 



"It was a good speech, didn't want to ruin it," Dagmer says. They put a bag over 
Theon's head and say it's time to go home. 
 
Maester Luwin comes out to see what's going on and gets a spear through the 
belly. 
 
King's Landing 
 
Varys tells Tyrion that Ser Mandon tried to kill him on his sister's orders, but 
Podrick saved him. Tyrion asks for Bronn to put Gold Cloaks outside his door but 
is informed that Bronn is no longer in command. The Hill Tribes men have also 
been paid and sent home by Lord Twyin. Varys informs Tyrion that some of the 
Gold Cloaks are loyal to Twyin, and some are loyal to Cersei. . 
 
Varys tells Tyrion he won't see him for awhile, but he assures him he's still his 
friend. He ushers Shae in. Varys tells him many know that without him the city 
would have fallen, even if history won't show it. 
 
Shae gently takes off his bandage to reveal a gnarly scar across his whole face. She 
suggests they run away together, but he says out-talking and out-thinking the bad 
people there is what he's meant to do. He asks her if she's going to leave. 
 
"You have a shit memory. I am yours and you are mine," she says, curling up with 
him. 
 
Robb's camp 
 
Robb and Talisa are married in a private ceremony. 
 
Qarth 
 
Jorah and Daenerys approach the house of the undying, a tall stone tower with no 
apparent door. Daenerys runs around it looking for away in. Jorah loses sight of 
her on the turn and sees she has disappeared. 
 
Inside, Daenerys shouts at the warlocks that they can't frighten her with magic 
tricks. She hears her dragons squeal. 
 
Harrenhal 
 
On the road outside Harrenhal, Arya and Gendry see Jaqen. She wants to know 
how to kill and he offers to show her if she goes with him. But she needs to find 
her family. He gives her a "coin of great value." 
 



If the day comes when she needs to find him again, just find any man from 
Braavos, give him the coin and say "Valar Morghulis." 
 
She asks him to stay, but he tells her Jaqen is dead. He looks away, and when he 
looks back, he's someone else. 
 
Arya watches him walk away. 
 
Winterfell 
 
Osha leads Bran and Rickon up to the square, which they find burnt and empty. 
They find their direwolves and head to the sacred weirwood tree. Luwin is lying 
under it, mortally wounded. He tells them to pack up and go north. There are too 
many enemies in the south. He tells them to find Jon on the Wall, who will look 
after them and send word to their mother. 
 
He tells Osha to protect them, even from her own kind. She says she has no love 
for her own kind. She offers to get him milk of the poppy, but he motions to her 
knife instead and tells her to do it quickly. 
 
They head out on the road, leaving Winterfell burning in the distance. 
 
Qarth 
 
Daenerys walks deeper into the dark House of the Undying and into an open room 
with a ring of doors. She can hear her dragons on the other side. She opens a door 
and walks into a snowy courtyard that is the throne room of King's Landing but in 
ruins. She walks up to the Iron Throne and is about to touch it when she hears the 
plaintive dragon's cry. She walks toward it and is out beyond the wall in unending 
white snow. She sees a small hut in the distance and walks in. 
 
She walks in to a sunny scene of Khal Drogo holding their child. She wonders if 
she's dead and doesn't know it. He suggests maybe he came back for her. 
 
She sits down with him and they soak up the dream. But the cry of the dragons 
wakes her from it. She gets up and leaves. She walks back into the chamber and 
sees her dragons chained on the pedestal. 
 
The warlock Pyat Pree walks out to greet her, reappearing in many versions all 
around her. He explains that when her dragons awoke, it awoke his power and it's 
strongest in her presence. So, he tells her, she'll remain there with them. She finds 
herself in chains, but remains calm. 
 
Her tiny dragons await her command. "Dracarys," she says. They let out a tiny puff 



of smoke. But that's just the warm up. They start breathing fire and soon torch 
Pyat, then their chains. Daenerys is unharmed by their flame and soon she is free. 
 
Beyond the wall 
 
Ygritte marches Jon Snow and Qhorin back to Mance. Qhorin grabs a sword and 
attacks Jon to further sell the idea that Jon's no longer loyal to the Night's Watch. 
The wildlings let them fight and Jon is forced to fend off his friend. 
 
Sensing that Jon is hesitating, Quorin taunts him until Jon skewers him. 
 
As he falls dying he whispers to Jon: "We are the Watchers of the Wall." 
 
The wildlings free his hands and Ygritte takes him to meet the King beyond the 
wall. 
 
Qarth 
 
Daenerys and her people sneak up on Xaro in bed, taking his medallion to unlock 
the safe that he said held unimaginable wealth. She finds one of her hand maidens 
in bed with him and goes to the vault. It's empty. 
 
She seals Xaro and the traitor inside. The remaining Dothraki go through Xaro's 
chambers and take the gold and jewels -- enough to buy a ship. 
 
Beyond the wall 
 
Samwell and his friends hear three blasts of the horn. They run, but Sam falls 
behind as a blizzard closes in. He runs as he sees figures approaching. As he 
cowers behind a rock, hordes of undead stream by led by White Walkers mounted 
on Wight horses. 

 

S3, Ep1 

Valar Dohaeris 

•  "Valar Dohaeris" - March 31, 2013 
 
We pick up right where we left off: Samwell Tarley is running through a blinding 
blizzard. He comes upon one of his brothers from the Night's Watch. He is holding 
his head in his arms. He has been decapitated by a White Walker. More seem 
imminent and one approaches and scrabbles after him but Jon's direwolf, Ghost 
and his other brothers arrive and set fire to him. Lord Commander Jeor Mormont 
asks if he sent the ravens. He did not. It was Samwell's only job. He turns to the 



others and says they need to get back to wall to warn everyone because if they 
don't, before Winter is done, everyone they've ever known will be dead. 
 
Meanwhile, Jon Snow is finally brought to Mance Rayder (CiarÃ¡n Hinds), the 
King Beyond the Wall. He gains his trust by telling him that he wants to turn 
traitor and join the Wildlings because of what he saw at Craster's Keep and what 
"took" the baby boy that Craster left for it. He says when he told the Commander 
about the White Walker that Mormont saw and that he knew. He tells Rayder that 
he wants to fight for the side that fights for the living. 
 
In King's Landing Tyrion is stewing. He was injured in the battle... at the direction 
of his sister... and been taken down several pegs in standing now that his father 
Tywin serves as Hand to King Joffrey. He asks for a meeting with Tywin. He 
wonders where his reward is for leading the charge in the battle, for being injured, 
for showing cunning and daring. His father lets him know in no uncertain terms, 
without a shred of sentimentality that he is ashamed of him, still angry that he 
"killed" his mother by being born, and that he has been a disappointment his whole 
life with his love for booze and whores. He says he will be compensated eventually 
but he will not get what he thinks he's "entitled" to... Casterley Rock... but 
whatever Tywin deems appropriate, what is "suited" to his accomplishments and a 
position that suits him and a suitable wife. 
 
Davos Seaworth is saved from a godforsaken rock in the ocean by his pirate friend 
Salladhor Saan (Lucian Msamati). Davos lost his son in the battle. He wants to get 
to Stannis Baratheon but Saan tells him that Stannis remains under the sway of 
Melisandre at Dragonstone. She has been burning men alive that spoke against her, 
Stannis is a recluse, and there's no talking to him since he lost the battle. Davos 
begs him, mostly he just wants to kill Melisandre. Saan tries to dissuade him. He 
says when Davos is dead he'll gather his bones and let his widow wear them 
around her neck. 
 
Davos gets a drop off and Stannis doesn't seem all that psyched to see him. 
Frankly, he seems depressed. He argues with Melisandre, calls her his enemy. She 
challenges him and says she could've saved them all that day but Davos convinced 
Stannis not to bring her. She taunts him about the men burning up in the wildfire, 
like his son. He tries to attack her and Stannis has him locked away. Melisandre 
says she'll pray for him. 
 
Robb Stark, newlywed, is still busy making plans. He wants to fight the Lannisters, 
who he says have been running from them. They come upon a decimated city. One 
man lives, a maester who reveals his name as Qyburn (Anton Lesser), and Talisa, 
Robb's wife, attends to him as he tells his tale. Robb orders his mother locked up, 
still angry that she allowed Jaime Lannister to leave in an attempt to ransom Arya 
and Sansa. 



 
Sansa and Shae play a game on the shore, pretending where the various ships are 
going. Littlefinger arrives and tells Sansa he saw her mother recently and she 
wants to see her and Arya. He tells Sansa he's working on an assignment far away 
and when he sets sail he might be able to take her but she'll need to be ready to go 
at a moment's notice. Ros tells Shae to watch out for Sansa with Littlefinger. 
 
Lady Margaery and King Joffrey are being carried through the city when she stops 
to speak to the orphans of the battle of Blackwater Bay. She gives them toys and 
food and says she and the king will take care of them. Later that night she and 
Loris have dinner with Joffrey and Cersei, and Cersei is her usual cool, cruel self, 
questioning her about stopping with the orphans. Cersei says Margaery should be 
careful since they were attacked there once. Joffrey says she's blowing it out of 
proportion. She immediately accedes and says that he's his father's son but not 
everyone can have a king's bravery. 
 
Heading towards Slavers Bay, Danaerys' dragons are a lot bigger as they fly over 
the ship she was able to get. She says they need to grow even bigger. She says she 
also needs an army. Jorah wants to enlist a slave army but she doesn't like that 
idea. The Dothraki unfortunately are not taking to the high seas so well. She points 
out that Jora shouldn't mock them since they followed her, and are the first 
Dothraki to sail on the "poisoned waters." He says they followed strength and she'll 
need to exhibit even more to get others to follow her. 
 
They arrive at Astapor and appraise the army on offer: the Unsullied. They are 
expertly trained, incredibly loyal, and unafraid of death. The Master, Kraznys Mo 
Nakloz (Dan Hildebrand) who owns the Unsullied, insults Danaerys and Jorah as 
he gives his tour of the soldiers, and a woman, Missandei (Nathalie Emmanuel), 
translates for him. To prove how tough they are he goes up to one and slices off his 
nipple. The soldier shows no pain and responds that he is happy to serve. Kraznys 
says as part of their practice, they also toughen them up by giving them a silver 
coin, sending them to the slave market, and killing a child in front of its mother, 
paying the child's owner for the trouble. (In short, he is despicable.) He says he has 
8,000 soldiers to sell and she needs to make her mind soon. She is disgusted 
knowing this means that there are 8,000 dead babies and wrestles with the idea of 
being a slave owner. 
 
Jorah points out that she would clearly make a kinder master at the very least and 
see that they're properly fed and sheltered. As they talk, they follow a mischievous 
little girl through the marketplace and a creepy cloaked figure trails them. The little 
girl smiles at Dany, charming her. She rolls a ball toward Danaerys and gestures 
for her to open it. As she is about to open it, the cloaked figure lunges. Jorah grabs 
him and Danaerys falls. The ball opens and a horrible, clearly deadly insect-like 
creature crawls out. The cloaked figure kills it and saves her. 



 
The little girl opens her mouth to display blue-stained teeth, hisses an otherworldly 
hiss and then jumps in the water. They turn and she is now standing on a rooftop 
behind them. She was sent by the warlocks. 
 
Danaerys thanks the cloaked figure, who reveals himself to be Ser Barristan Selmy 
(Ian McElhinney), Commander of King Robert Baratheon's guard who had been 
relieved of his station and exiled by Joffrey. He's been searching for Daenaerys 
since King Robert's death. Selmy asks forgiveness in failing to protect her kinsman 
the previous "mad" King Aerys II whom he had served before Baratheon's 
successful rebellion. He takes a knee before her, calls her queen and asks to join 
her Queen's Guard. He promises he won't fail her this time. 

 

S3, Ep2 

Dark Wings, Dark Words 

•  "Dark Wings, Dark Words" - April 7, 2013 
 
Bran runs through the woods so this is clearly a dream. He seems lost. A black bird 
flies by and caws at him. He tries to shoot it with an arrow as Jon Snow and Robb 
talk to him. He hears his father's voice. Then another boy appears and says he can't 
kill it because the raven is him. He wakes up and Hodor checks on him. He tells 
Osha that he saw the three-eyed raven again in his dream. She's worried about his 
black magic dreams. He says he didn't ask for them. She seems nervous and thinks 
they need to be on the move to the wall. 
 
Robb Stark stares into the fire while Talisa gently mocks him. They kiss but are 
interrupted by Lord Roose Bolton (Michael McElhatton) who has two notes, one 
from Riverrun and one from Winterfell. Catelyn's father has died. He also informs 
her that Winterfell has burned and Bran and Rickon have not been found. He 
theorizes they could've been taken hostage by Theon. Roose Bolton informs Robb 
that when his bastard arrived to free Winterfell, he found the castle burned down. 
 
We see Theon is tied up and awakened with cold water to the face. He asks where 
he is. A torturer sticks a flaying knife through his hand. 
 
Brienne and Jaime continue their journey as he continues to be goofy and charming 
and Brienne isn't having it. He wants to chat; she wants silence. He deduces she 
was pledged to Renly Baratheon and mocks him which she doesn't care for. He 
taunts her that she fancied him but he points out that Renly wasn't her type. Wrong 
team. She has quite enough of this and grabs his head. A farmer passes by on his 
way to Riverrun. He tells them to be careful and blesses them. Jaime thinks the guy 
recognized him and should be dealt with. They move on. 



 
Joffrey is getting a fitting for his wedding coat and Cersei looks on approvingly. 
He yells at the tailor. Cersei asks how he likes Margaery. He thinks she's an ideal 
match from a family standpoint. Cersei wants to know what he thinks of her 
though. He's clearly smitten but begs off this boring conversation. Cersei tries to 
trash talk her but he rebuffs her and says women need to do what they're told but 
that he does not. 
 
Sansa tells Shae to stop worrying about Littlefinger taking an interest in her. She 
says he doesn't want anything or want to touch her. Shae says if he does, to tell her, 
and she will make him stop. Loras Tyrell pays a visit to invite Sansa to lunch in the 
gardens. He sweetly compliments her. She reminds him of the first time they met 
and him giving her a red rose. Sansa meets up with Margaery and introduces her to 
her grandmother Olenna Tyrell (Diana Rigg). She's a fun old broad who speaks her 
mind about her family and how dumb Renly Baratheon was. She claims she's much 
less boring than the others and she's right. Olenna wants to know "the truth" about 
Joffrey since they've heard some troubling tales about Sansa being mistreated by 
him. She starts to spout the party line about Joffrey but Margaery says she just 
wants the truth. Sansa is very scared to tell the truth. She starts telling the truth and 
then thinks better of it. Olenna and Margaery promise not to betray her confidence. 
Sansa warns "he's a monster." They're disappointed but not surprised and the 
wedding will go forward. 
 
As they march to Riverrun to attend Cateyln's father's funeral, Robb chats about 
the future of the war with his bannerman, Lord Rickard Karstark. He thinks going 
to the funeral is a waste of time and that Robb has lost the plot. He thinks Robb 
lost the war the day he married Talisa. Talisa goes to speak to Catelyn and it's a 
pretty chilly conversation as Catelyn talks about making what looks like a kind of 
dreamcatcher, to help see her sons to safety. She says she made one to pray for 
Bran's survival from the fall. She also prayed for Jon Snow at first she prayed for 
him to die and he got the pox and had terrible guilt about it. So she then made one 
of these dreamcatcher devices and prayed for him to live and if he did she would 
love him and begged Ned Stark to give him his name and be done with It. 
Obviously Jon lived, but he never became a Stark because she couldn't keep her 
promise to ask Ned to do it. She feels that all of the horror that has befallen her 
family is because she couldn't love a motherless child. 
 
Jon Snow trudges through the snow with Mance Rayder. Rayder explains about the 
various warring factions and how he united all 90 of them: he told them they were 
all going to die if they didn't go South because that's the truth. They hang out 
waiting on Orell, a warg; his eyes have gone white, he can go into a state and see 
through the eyes of animals. He comes back to the present and says he went to 
"The Fist of the First Men." Rayder asks what he saw and he says "dead crows." 
 



The Night's Watch are themselves trudging through their own barren wasteland. 
One taunts Samwell for running and hiding. The guy tells him to lie down and rest 
because he knows he wants to. Samwell falls to his knees wracked with exhaustion 
and fear and sadness that they left him when the White Walkers came. They said 
they left him because he's fat and slow and they didn't want to die. They pull him 
up. The man who taunted him wants to leave him behind. Lord Commander 
Mormont (James Cosmo) tells the taunter he has to look after Sam and he tells Sam 
he's not allowed to die. 
 
Bran sleeps but is awoken by Osha and his dire wolf looking for food. She runs off 
to capture some game. The wolf growls. The boy from Bran's dreams, Jojen Reed 
(Thomas Brodie-Sangster), walks up to him. The dire wolf growls at him. Osha 
attacks him from behind then his sister attacks her from behind and makes her drop 
her spear. The boy approaches the wolf and has him sniff his hand. The wolf 
calms. He approaches Bran and introduces himself and his sister Meera (Ellie 
Kendrick), and they've come a long way to find him and they have much farther to 
go. 
 
Arya and her buddies trudge through a much leafier forest arguing about where to 
go; she wants to go to Riverrun to meet up with her grandfather. (Ruh-ro.) They 
hear voices and hide. A group of men are wandering through the forest, one of 
them singing. They shoot an arrow in the direction of Arya and her buddies. She 
tells them to bugger off and she won't kill them. They seem menacing at first but 
they turn out to be a less than frightening gang led by Thoros of Myr (Paul Kaye), 
a member of the Brotherhood Without Banners. He offers them food and wants to 
chat about what they're doing and then they'll let them go on their way. 
 
When Tyrion returns to his chambers and finds Shae, he is upset that she has come 
there since his father has threatened to kill the next whore he finds in Tyrion's bed. 
She tells him she's worried about Sansa and Littlefinger. She gives him a hard time 
about Ros but eventually she gets to the point and says they need to protect her. He 
says she'll have no trouble since she's a great beauty. Shae gets angry that he calls 
her beautiful. They kiss and make up. They get ready to do more than kiss and he 
warns her not to come there again. She distracts him. 
 
Joffrey summons Margaery. He's leaving on a hunting trip and wants to make sure 
she's all set and happy in the capital. He interrogates her about being Renly 
Baratheon's wife. She says she did her duty and tried to give him children but he 
didn't seem interested in the company of women. She says the one time he wanted 
to try something that sounded very painful and couldn't possibly result in children. 
Joffrey says Renly was a known degenerate and considered making his perversion 
punishable by death. Even though her brother Loras is similarly degenerate she is a 
smart girl and tells him he needs to do what he must do. He shows her his new, 
higher-tech crossbow. She pretends to be delighted by it and says she wants to go 



hunting sometime. He lets her hold the crossbow and puts his arms around her to 
demonstrate. She says it must be exciting to kill something. He asks if she thinks 
she could do it. She asks if he thinks she could He does. She asks if he'd like to 
watch. He would. 
 
The torturer continues to literally put the screw to Theon's foot and asks why he 
took Winterfell. He says he took it to rule it for the glory of his family and the Iron 
Islands. And then he says he took it because he hated the Starks and wanted to 
punish them for holding him hostage. He says he'll say anything to make it stop. 
They throw a cloak over his head and leave. A boy comes and loosens the screws 
and says he'll come back for him. 
 
Bran and the gang soldier on. Jojen says he knows Bran can see through the 
wolves' eyes and the raven too, because he's seen it as well. He says he will 
eventually get control of it and be able to do it while awake... Bran is apparently a 
Warg too. He says the raven is something different, seeing the past, the future, of 
things happening far away. Osha chats with Meera and says Jojen should be 
ashamed to need protecting by his sister. Meera says some people will always need 
protecting. Bran says he saw his father die, Jojen saw it too. Apparently, Jojen's 
father saved Ned Stark's life during Robert's Rebellion. Bran asks what else he's 
seen and he says the only thing that matters: Bran himself. 
 
The Brotherhood Without Banners break bread and ale with Arya and her fellow 
fugitives. Thoros asks how they escaped from Harrenhal. She says Gendry is a 
smith. Arya notes that they both know how to use a sword and that her brothers 
taught her. They laugh at her. She pulls her sword and Thoros quickly disarms her 
grasp and toasts her brothers. Thoros says they'll let them go. As they are about to 
leave a man brings in a captured Sandor Clegane, "The Hound," who has fled 
King's Landing after the Battle of Blackwater Bay. He recognizes her and asks 
them what they are doing with "the Stark Bitch." 
 
Jaime and Brienne try to figure out how to cross the river, the bridge or the water. 
They cross the bridge, risking being seen. He plops down in the middle like a jerk. 
As she tries to raise him he grabs one of her swords and severs his tether. His 
hands are still shackled though. He draws on her and says she moves well. They 
spar across the bridge. He notes her quandary: if she kills him she's failed Lady 
Stark but if she doesn't he'll kill Brienne. They spar some more. Then riders arrive 
on horses carrying the banners of the Flayed Man (the sigil of House Bolton). They 
say it looks like his woman is getting the better of him. The farmer did recognize 
him. They are Northmen and they close in on him, refusing Jaime's offer of cash. 
The leader points out if Robb heard they had the Kingslayer and let him go Robb 
would have his head. 

 

S3, Ep3 



Walk of Punishment 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Walk of Punishment" - April 14, 2013 
 
Catelyn's father's dead body is pushed out onto a lake in a boat that will be his 
funeral pyre. Edmure Tully, Catelyn's brother, lights several arrows, but fails to 
ignite the boat. Ser Brynden "The Blackfish" Tully, Catelyn's uncle, pushes him 
aside and gets the job done. 
 
Edmure explains why he confronted Tywin Lannister at a mill and sent him 
scurrying. Robb tells him that this was a mistake -- he wanted Edmure to lure 
Tywin into a chase. Edmure says he took hostages, a pair of teenaged Lannister 
cousins. Robb points out that they are not of equal value with his sisters, and that 
they also lost men, which they need more than Tywin does. Edmure apologizes. 
Robb isn't having it, pointing out that Tywin is a patient man and can afford to be. 
 
We cut to Tywin convening a meeting with the small council, including 
Littlefinger, Varys, Cersei, and Tyrion. They all take a seat. Cersei makes sure to 
move her chair next to her father. Tyrion moves his to the other head of the table. 
Tywin asks for news of Jaime. There is none and he's angry their spies know 
nothing of his location. Varys reports that Robb Stark and his army are in Riverrun 
for the funeral and that Roose Bolton holds Haarenhal at the moment. Tywin says 
to let him have it for now. Tywin orders Littlefinger to go to the Vale to marry the 
widow, Lysa Aryn, which would make him "acting" Lord of the Vale, which 
would be better than holding Haarenhal apparently. If he's with the widow in the 
Eyrie, then that would mean Robb Stark's own aunt would be against him. 
 
Tyrion points out that Littlefinger's absence could cause problems and adds that the 
royal wedding is going to come at a serious price tag. It's not a good time to leave 
the crown's finances unattended. Tywin concedes the point, and makes Tyrion the 
new Master of Coin. He says it would best suit his talents. Tyrion is not so sure. 
Everyone else, however, gives him a vote of confidence. 
 
The men of House Bolton who have captured Brienne and Jaime sing a song ("The 
Bear and the Maiden Fair") as they bring their hostages through the forest. Jaime 
and Brienne, tied to each other back to back, bicker. He points out that when they 
make camp, she'll be raped repeatedly and she should let it happen. If she fights 
them they'll kill her, since he's the prisoner of value. He says she should close her 
eyes and pretend it's Renly. She can't believe he'd take his own advice if he was a 
woman. He says if he were a woman he'd make them kill him. 
 
Gendry suits up Thoros of Myr with some armor. Arya asks why he's helping these 
people, since they took them prisoner. Thoros says she's not a prisoner and that 
she's lucky they found her, since the woods aren't safe for Ned Stark's daughter. He 



teases her about her sword, and when she flourishes is, he quickly disarms her. The 
Hound is dragged in, bound and hooded. Arya asks if he remembers the last time 
he was here. He doesn't. They are about to depart when their chubby friend Hot Pie 
tells Arya and Gendry he's staying behind. He baked some bread for the innkeeper, 
and she liked it so much she offered him room and board in exchange for cooking. 
He baked Arya bread in the shape of a wolf. He tells Arya and Gendry not to get 
stabbed and Gendry tells him not to burn his fingers. They say their goodbyes. She 
gets on Thoros' horse and has a bite of the bread and calls to Hot Pie and tells him 
it's really good. 
 
Catelyn and her Uncle Brynden "The Blackfish" chat. She's happy to be near his 
steady strength and good humor. She says she's missed him, and her father, his 
brother, missed him, too. He says her father was a stubborn old ox and was 
surprised he died. He says they made peace in the end. She reminisces about seeing 
her father off when he would go off to battle. He would tell her to wait for his 
return, and she took it literally -- she would sit there as a girl day after day and wait 
for him to return. And now she wonders if Bran and Rickon also stared across the 
moors of Winterfell waiting for her to return. She cries that she will never see them 
again. He comforts her saying she mustn't say that -- they may be in hiding, and 
Robb believes they are alive. She must remain strong for him so they can prevail. 
 
Talisa tends to the teenaged Lannister cousins who were taken hostage. They ask if 
Robb can turn into a wolf at night, and if he eats the flesh of his enemies. She says 
it's all true but they have nothing to fear -- he only eats children when it's a full 
moon. And it's not a full moon. 
 
Mance Rayder and his men come across a very creepy sight: hundreds of severed 
horses heads arranged in a spiral pattern in the snow. Jon Snow points out it's only 
horses, no men. Ygritte asks Orell, the warg, what's going on, since he said he saw 
dead crows. Mance wonders how many men there had been. Jon says 300. Mance 
says some may have survived, but they took a big risk and lost -- many of the best 
men are probably dead or worse, dead with blue eyes (White Walkers). Even 
though the leader is the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, he's a long way 
from home. He tells his right hand man to climb the wall at Castle Black with 20 
good men, including Jon Snow, and if he's helpful, great, if not, throw him off the 
wall and see if crows can fly. He thinks if they can infiltrate, their army can attack, 
and they will create the biggest conflagration the north has ever seen. 
 
The Crows continue their long march. Sam sees Jon Snow's dire wolf, Ghost. They 
arrive back at Craster's Keep and he lets them back in to eat and warm by the fire. 
He reminds them to keep their eyes off his many daughters. He says they should be 
kissing his feet for letting them back in. He says he has no fear of what's out there, 
and that the only ones left standing will be the ones who are truly with the gods -- 
like him, a godly man. He asks them why they don't kill Samwell and use him as a 



"walking feast" since he's so fat, like his pigs. Meanwhile, one of his daughters is 
giving what sounds like very painful birth and all he wants her to do is shut up. 
 
Sam peeks in to where she's giving birth. It's Gilly, The baby arrives. Sadly, it's a 
boy. So everyone knows that Craster's going to kill it. 
 
Theon Greyjoy is on the rack with a bag over his head, when the young boy who 
said he was sent by Theon's sister comes and helps him down. He spirits him to a 
horse and tells him to ride east and his sister will be waiting for him. Theon says he 
will make him a lord of the Iron Islands for freeing him. The boy says that they're 
not in the Iron Islands. 
 
Over in Dragonstone, Melisandre is preparing to launch a boat and won't tell 
Stannis where she's going because she's waiting for the "fires" to show her. He 
thinks she's abandoning him. She says she never will and when she returns he will 
understand. He says his enemies are laughing at him. He wants Joffrey and Robb 
Stark dead and he wants her to make him another son. She says he doesn't have the 
strength. He says men have been trying to kill him for years, he's not so easily 
killed. He whispers that he wants her. She is unmoved. He points out that she said 
she needed a king's blood and he's the king. She agrees but says others have his 
blood, and the Lord of Light demands sacrifices be made. And then she's off. 
 
Back in Astapor, Deanerys is checking out the slave army. She is appalled by the 
sight of crucified men who are condemned to slow death. Barristan tells her it's 
time to go and to get soldiers elsewhere. She's inclined to agree. Jorah tries to 
convince them that this is the price of war. These men are the best, truest soldiers 
there are, well-trained, and they won't rape/kill/maim innocents, but only their job: 
killing the people she points them at. Barristan says men should die because they 
believe in their leaders not because they have been bought at a slavers' auction. 
 
Dany goes to the slaver, Krasnys and says she wants to buy them all. He insults her 
in his language calling her a slut, she thinks she can flash her tits and get what she 
wants, but she can't afford it. He is crude and demeaning, but a slave translator 
cleans up each interchange, changing it to something inoffensive. The slaver also 
doesn't want to sell the half-trained Unsullied warriors, because if they fall in battle 
they will bring shame on them. Dany isn't taking no for an answer. She says she 
will have them all, or none. He says her ship will buy 100 at most, and he'll throw 
in 20 extra and 3 for the Dothraki with her. He asks how she'll pay for the rest. She 
says she has dragons and will give him one. Jorah and Barristan are incredulous 
and tell her not to do this. The slaver wants the biggest one. She says "done." She 
wants his female translator as well, as a token of a bargain well struck. 
 
Jorah and Barristan try to explain that one dragon is worth more than an army. She 
says she values their advice but if they disagree with her in public again they will 



be advising others. Dany talks with the translater, Missandei, and asks her if she 
will always tell her the truth. Missandei says that the "Unsullied" -- the slave 
soldiers will be loyal and obedient as she will be. Dany points out that she is taking 
her to war. She replies, "Valar Morghulis." (All men must die) Dany agrees, 
smiles, and adds, "Yes, but we are not men." 
 
Tyrion collects the accounting books from Littlefinger. Littlefinger gloats but also 
thanks Tyrion for saving Ros's life. Tyrion asks for advice in the new job. 
Littlefinger tells him to keep a low profile. Tyrion says if he had money for every 
time someone made that joke he'd be rich. Littlefinger points out he is rich and 
says not to worry he will be able to make the numbers behave. He tells Littlefinger 
to enjoy the Eyrie. While he's there, he pays his squire, Podrick Payne back for 
saving his life, by giving him three whores. Podrick has never been with a woman. 
 
He and Bronn take the accounting books back to Tyrion's place and Tyrion learns 
that Littlefinger wasn't a magician with money: he was a borrower. The crown 
owes the Lannisters a fortune. Bronn thinks Tywin will forgive the debt since 
Joffrey is his son. Tyrion scoffs at that idea. (A Lannister always pays his debts 
and all of that.) Tyrion explains banking and charging interest to Bronn. Also, they 
owe the Iron Bank of Braavos (home to Arya's former "dance instructor", Syrio 
Forel) tens of millions and if they don't pay them back... Well, then the Bank will 
fund their enemies. Podrick returns with all the money that Tyrion gave him to buy 
the whores. Tyrion is confused, whores don't refuse money. Podrick is basically 
saying that the ladies enjoyed him so much that they gave him the romp for free. 
Tyrion asks for copious details. 
 
Theon rides and rides and suddenly he is shot at. A group of archers/soldiers bears 
down on him. It is the Stark men that have caught him. One man knocks him off 
his horse with a mace, and begins attacking him -- kicking him and preparing to 
rape him, as well. Suddenly he is shot through with an arrow. The others are also 
taken down by arrows, and the last man standing calls the archer a "bastard" before 
being shot at point blank range. The man who freed him from his captivity has 
arrived to save him again. He helps him up calling him "my lord." He says he's a 
long way from home and winter is coming. 
 
It is night and Brienne and Jaime are tied to separate trees. As Jaime warned, the 
men come to rape her. They beat her first for good measure. She fights back and 
screams every step of the way. Jaime looks rueful. 
 
He points out to the leader that her father is an important man, a man who mined 
all of the sapphires in Westeros, and who will pay handsomely in these gems if his 
daughter is returned to him unbesmirched. He convinces him and saves her from 
the gang rape. She is retied to the tree. 
 



The leader asks Jaime if his father would pay handsomely if he was returned as 
well. Jaime says he would and they would be made lords, and there is no way the 
North can win. He points out fighting for a good cause may be nice but fighting for 
a winning cause would be even better. He then persuades them to untie him from 
the tree. But It was a trick. The leader is disgusted by him and his fancy airs, and 
the way he always gets out of trouble by saying "my father...". They push him up 
against a table and hold a knife to his face, and tell him he's nothing like his daddy 
and he never will be. The leader tells him that this should help him remember and 
then he swiftly chops his hand off. Jaime screams in pain. 

 

S3, Ep4 

And Now His Watch Is Ended 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "And Now His Watch is Ended"- April 21, 2013 
 
Jaime rides his horse, ragged, with his hand attached to his neck as his captors 
taunt him. He falls off his horse into the mud face first. His captors trick him into 
drinking horse urine when he begs for water. Suddenly, he leaps up, seizes a sword 
with his remaining hand and tries to fight. He cannot fight with his left (remaining) 
hand and it shows. It is heartbreaking. They get him down and kick and abuse him. 
Brienne is incensed and tries to help but is helpless to do so. 
 
Later, Brienne tries to convince Jaime to eat so he can live to seek revenge. He, 
understandably is distraught, saying I WAS that hand. She tells him not to whine 
and cry and quit like a woman. She also points out that she knows that he told them 
Tarth was full of sapphires when it's really called that because of the sapphire blue 
of the sea. She asks why he helped her when their captors attacked her. He doesn't 
respond. 
 
Tyrion goes to see Varys to ask for help in proving that Cersei tried to kill him. 
Varys says he has no proof, only whispers. As they talk Varys is opening a large 
box and explaining to Tyrion how he came to be a eunuch. He tells him a sorcerer 
abducted him, cut him from "root to stem," burned his parts and when the flame 
turned blue the sorcerer called out and in the flame a voice answered call. He then 
discarded him. This is why Varys has always hated magic and those who practice 
it. He says his rise from from orphan in the slums to being a man of power in the 
small council chamber was a kind of symbolic revenge. Tyrion wants actual 
revenge and says he needs influence to do that. Varys responds that patience is the 
key to influence. Varys finally gets the box open and inside is the sorcerer, old, 
traumatized, and rightfully fearful of what Varys is about to do him. He tells 
Tyrion his actual revenge will indeed come, if he has stomach for it. 
 
Meanwhile, the members of the Nights Watch are literally shoveling shit at 



Crasters, out of his pig pens. They are cold, defeated, starving and on the verge of 
mutiny. Now that the confrontation of the Fist of the First Men went so badly they 
are starting to feel they need to start looking out for themselves. Sam goes to girl 
who recently had a son and she wants him to save babys life and says there's very 
little time. 
 
The men burn a body of a fellow Crow who died from hunger and rot. Back inside 
by the fire, after Craster, eating a healthy portion of meat, berates and taunts them 
and says he wants them gone, the mutiny is on. Lord Commander Mormont tries to 
stop them but they attack and kill Craster and Lord Commander himself. Sam goes 
for girl and her baby and they take off for the woods amidst the melee. 
 
Bran runs in his dream. Jojen Reed is there. In his dream, crawls up a high tree to 
the three-eyed raven. Suddenly, Catelyn is there on the branch yelling at him "No 
more climbing." He wakes up in a sweat by the fire with Jojen watching him. 
 
Ros and Varys gossip about how Podrick was extraordinary with the whores and 
that they wouldn't take his money. They couldn't explain what he did but that it 
was great. They chat about Littlefinger leaving for the Eyrie. Varys wonders if he's 
still interested in Sansa. Ros says he is and notes that he ordered two feathered 
beds for the boat for his journey, and we know he has told her he wanted to take 
her. 
 
Joffrey,Margaery, Cersei, and Lady Olenna take a stroll around the Great Sept of 
Baelor where the wedding will be held with Joffrey gleefully pointing out the 
various tombs of Targaryens to Margaery. She notes that severity is the price we 
pay for greatness. He agrees. Olenna and Cersei discuss how inane it is that men 
rule the world when women are often smarter. Cersei isn't taking the bait on this 
even though we know she agrees. Margaery softens up Joffrey. They hear the noise 
of a crowd outside and he looks nervous. She says if he gives them love they will 
return it a thousand fold. She points out that he led the defense of Kings Landing 
and that the people adore him. She leads him outside. Many of the people are 
calling Margaery's name, she waves she waves sweetly to them and encourages 
him to do the same and when he does they begin to call his name as well. 
 
Theon and his savior ride to meet his sister. He grumbles about how people like his 
father worried that he would become a Stark but that would never happen, not only 
because he was Iron born but because Robb Stark would never allow such a thing, 
just by being who he was. He expresses remorse of what he did at Winterfell, 
killing orphan boys and pretending they were Bran and Rickon to make his father 
proud. He realizes he chose wrong and burned everything down. His "savior" says 
"not everything." He claims he brought him to a place to meet his sister but instead 
he is brought him to back to the dungeon he freed him from before. The man then 
says that Theon escaped and killed the men chasing him down in the woods. Theon 



is strapped up again and tortured. 
 
Cersei sits in front of her always impatient father and asks Tywin what he's doing 
for Jaime. He points out that he's doing everything he can. She asks him if he ever 
considered that it was she who deserved his confidence and his trust, not Tyrion 
and Jaime, but her. She says that he should consider her while he prepares the 
Legacy he will leave. So he asks her to contribute. She points out that the Tyrells 
are a problem and that Margaery is manipulating Joffrey. Tywin thinks this is 
positive since she clearly doesn't know how to do it and that he rides roughshod 
over everyone in city. He tells her he doesn't consider he because she's a woman 
but because she's not as smart as she thinks. She tells him he needs to stop Joffrey 
from doing what he likes. He says he will. 
 
Varys goes to the garden to speak to Lady Olenna about Sansa since he believes 
they both have her best interests at heart. He talks about Littlefinger's ambitions 
and how he would see this country burn if he could be king of the ashes. He says 
Littlefinger needs money and lands and army. Right now he has the first two and if 
he has Sansa in his pocket he could have an army, because if Robb Stark falls, 
Sansa is the key to the north. She sees they do need a solution to this Littlefinger 
problem. 
 
Margaery goes to see Sansa and talks sweetly about how much she'd like them to 
be friends. In fact, she'd like more than that. She'd like Sansa to marry Loras, and 
then theyd be sisters and Sansa would rule over the Tyrell's beautiful home 
Highgarden. She asks if Sansa would like that? She sure would. 
 
The Brotherhood Without Banners take Arya, Gendry, and The Hound to a cave 
where Beric Dondarrion, their leader, is. The Hound calls them deserters. They 
essentially say they are men who have found God and they will mete out justice to 
the evil and those who prey on the weak like The Hound. They accuse him of 
murder. He says he never killed anyone that wasn't in the pursuit of protecting 
Joffrey. Arya says he is a murderer since The Hound killed his friend Mycah who 
didn't do anything to hurt Joffrey, it was her that had hurt him. The leader says he 
will have a trial by combat against the leader himself-- who has a patch over one 
eye-- and the Lord of Light will decide their fates. 
 
Danaerys goes to collect her army of the Unsullied. She pulls out one of her 
dragons and hands the leash to the evil slave trader, Kraznys. Instead of trading the 
dragon, she begins speaking in High Valyrian-- a more refined form of the same 
language Kraznys has been speaking (known as Low Valyrian), and insulting her 
in. He is aghast -- she has known all along what he was saying. She points out that 
she is "Danaerys Stormborn" and of the "Blood of Old Valyria" and High Valyrian 
is her mother tongue. She takes control of the Unsullied, and tells them to strike 
down all slave masters and soldiers, but to hurt no children. She says "drakharys" 



and the dragon sets fire to the slave trader. After they take their freedom, Dany 
asks if they will fight for her as free men. They will! And they're off! 

 

S3, Ep5 

Kissed by Fire 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Kissed by Fire" - April 28, 2013 
 
The Brotherhood Without Banners pray to the Lord of Light around the fire as the 
Hound and the Brotherhood leader prepare to fight. Their leader, Beric 
Dondarrion, cuts his hand and then lights his sword afire. The Hound -- and Arya 
and Gendry-- are surprised by this. They fight around the fire as the others watch, 
getting out of the way as necessary. The Hound prevails. They pray to the lord of 
light to bring him back to life. Arya grabs a sword to kill Hound herself. Gendry 
pulls her back. She yells at him to burn in hell. Beric, now seemingly upright and 
fine says he will, but not today. 
 
At the Wildlings camp they quiz Jon Snow about the patrol of the Night's Watch. 
He explains which castles are inhabited that are related to the wall: Castle Black, 
Eastwatch by the Sea, and Shadow Tower. The guy questioning him asks how 
many there are guarding and Jon says a thousand. They think he's lying. Ygritte 
jumps to his protection. Jon says he doesn't need her protection. She disagrees and 
then steals his sword and makes him chase her. They run into a cave with an indoor 
waterfall. She says it's time he proved himself that he isn't a Crow anymore and he 
has to break his vows to prove it. She takes off all of her clothes and stands before 
him naked. He says they shouldn't. She says they should and kisses him. He doesn't 
resist for long. She taunts him and says he knows nothing but then he goes down 
on her and she realizes he does know a thing or two.They make love. She asks who 
taught him that particular maneuver. He says there's been no one else, he just 
wanted to kiss her there. He admits he was a virgin. She was not. She said it was 
just a boy, who had red hair like her, kissed by fire. He was weak, not like Jon 
Snow. Then she launches into a laundry list and he cuts her off saying he's heard 
enough. He wants to to back but she decides he needs a bath first. She says she 
doesn't want to leave the cave ever and make love in the bathwater. 
 
The Brotherhood let the Hound go against Arya's wishes saying their God doesn't 
see him as guilty but that the Lord of Light isn't done with him yet. The Hound 
leaves. 
 
The men who captured Jaime and Brienne bring them to Lord Bolton. Lord Bolton 
isn't impressed with the cutting off of Jaime's hand and tells the captor to hold his 
tongue or to lose it. He tells them to cut Brienne free and that she is now under his 
care. She thanks him. Jaime asks Lord Bolton for news. He replies that Stannis 



Baratheon laid siege to King's Landing but Tywin and his army prevailed and 
Cersei is alive and well. Bolton sends him to the doctor. The doctor doesn't like the 
look of the festering stump and wants to amputate the whole arm. Jaime isn't 
having that and the doctor relents saying he will only cut away the rotted flesh and 
try to sear the rest of it clean with boiling wine. He wants to offer Jaime painkillers 
but since this guy seems kinda creepy and not really a doctor Jaime declines saying 
he'll just scream through the pain instead thanks. He does just that. 
 
Cersei approaches Littlefinger and says she's heard that the House Tyrell doesn't 
have the Lannister's best interest at heart. She essentially threatens him into 
looking into it before he leaves the capitol. He agrees. 
 
Tyrion meets with Lady Olenna to talk wedding plans, and how expensive they're 
becoming. He tries to explain since they are at war they need money. She notes 
exactly how much House Tyrell has contributed to the effort from men to sheep to 
food. She says the people are hungry for more than food and that they need 
distractions or else they'll tear the royals to pieces and that a royal wedding, paid 
for by the royal family, is just the distraction necessary, and a much safer one. She 
also admits disappointment that Tyrion did not live up to his reputation as an 
impertinent, debauched boozer and that he is merely a browbeaten bookkeeper. 
This hurts the most, clearly. She concedes to pay for half the expenses. He says 
that's sufficient and she leaves. 
 
Gendry mends Lord Beric's armor. He says he's going to stay on with the 
Brotherhood. She says he doesn't have to. He says he wants to and that they need 
good men. She says Robb needs good men too. He says he's tired of serving and 
even though Beric is a leader they chose him and these men are a family and he's 
never had one. Arya says tearfully that she can be his family. 
 
The young Lannisters that Robb Stark is holding hostage as bargaining chips wake 
up to the sound of fighting. Lord Karstark and his men enter the room and kill the 
boys in revenge for the deaths of his sons. They are laid out before Robb who is 
incensed. He can't believe five grown men killed two unarmed children. He calls it 
treasonous. Lord Karstark, whose sons were killed on the battlefield for which he 
blames the Lannisters and Catelyn Stark for freeing Jaime, taunts Robb saying you 
kill your enemies in battle but his father must not have taught him that. He mocks 
Robb's title of King in the North, calling him rather "the King who lost the North". 
He also says he'll probably only get a scolding. Robb orders him put in the 
dungeon and the other four hung. One man protests he only watched and Robb 
says to hang him last so he can watch. Talisa is aghast, Catelyn palefaced. 
 
Robb's uncle Edmure says they should keep this under wraps. Robb protests that he 
doesn't want to be a liar in his fight for justice. Catelyn points out that if they kill 
the men publicly the Karstarks will not take kindly to this and likely won't fight for 



them. Talisa agrees they will abandon him. They need Karstark men. Edmure notes 
that they wouldn't be lying, just burying the truth for the moment along with the 
bodies involved and using Lord Karstark as a hostage: he will not be harmed as 
long as his men fight for Robb. But Robb rejects their counsel and condemns the 
lord to death. Asked if he has any final words Lord Karstark says "kill me and be 
cursed, you are no king of mine." Robb beheads the condemned man himself, as 
his father had taught him. 
 
Arya stares into the fire and says the names of those she wants dead. She asks 
Thoros what they're going to do with her. He says at first light they'll head to 
Riverrun where Robb is. Robb will make a contribution to their cause and then she 
can go home. She says they're selling her. He tells her not to think about it that 
way. Beric asks Arya if she's afraid of him. She says no but does mention that she 
thought he was dead. He says the Lord of the Light, and his right hand man, bring 
him back. He's been killed five times and each time, his buddy said he words and 
brought him back. He shows the scars. He says it's getting harder. Every time he 
comes back "he's a bit less." She asks if they could bring back a man without a 
head, not six times, just once. They say no. They tell her that her father was a good 
man and that he's at rest somewhere now and that they wouldn't wish this life upon 
him. Arya says she would since Beric is alive. 
 
A woman stands around a fire and prays to the Lord of the Light. It is Stannis' 
wife. She says she's been filled in on the details by Melisandre. She says he will 
prevail and he's a good man. He tries to explain that he has sinned and shamed her. 
She says he is doing God's work. He tries to tell her that he slept with Melisandre. 
She says she knows, Melisandre told her and points out that any act committed in 
the name of the Lord of the Light cannot be considered a sin. She goes over to 
three creepy containers that apparently contain the three male babies she gave birth 
to that all died in some kind of yellowish liquid. She says she thanks the Lord for 
Melisandre coming into their life since she gave Stannis a son, something that she 
gave him nothing. He says that's not true. She realizes that Stannis has come to see 
his daughter. She says there is no need and that he should keep away from such 
distractions. He says he wants to see her. She notes he's the king and doesn't need 
permission. He heads to her room. She's singing in the corner. She runs to him and 
hugs him. We see that one side of her face is fine but the other side is either burned 
or deformed in some way. She asks about Davos the Onion Knight, who had 
promised to come back from the battle with a gift for her. and shows her father a 
sailing ship Davos carved for her. Stannis says Davos is a traitor and rotting in a 
cell for his crimes and that she had best forget him. He leaves. She is sad. 
 
Brienne is giving herself a full on Silkwood scrub in the bath when Jaime arrives to 
take a bath of his own. A squire helps him take his clothes off. His arm is wrapped. 
He joins Brienne in the tub even though she points out that there's another one. She 
covers herself but he tells her he's not interested. He does ask her to pull him out if 



he faints so he won't be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub. She says she doesn't 
care how he dies. He notes she swore a vow to deliver him to King's Landing in 
one piece. He points out it's not going so well. And, he notes, no wonder Renly 
died with her guarding him. She stands up to her full height in all her naked glory 
taking serious umbrage at that remark. He apologizes and admits that was an 
unworthy remark. He says he's sick of fighting and wants to call a truce. She said 
you need trust for a truce. He says he trusts her. 
 
She gives him a nasty look and he says he's been seeing it for 17 years from those 
who despise the kingslayer, the man without honor. He asks if she's heard of 
wildfire and notes that the mad King was obsessed with it, loving to watch people 
burn and he burned anyone who was against him and before long half the country 
was against him. So the mad king had his pyromancer stash loads of wildfire all 
throughout the city to protect himself. 
 
He explains that the day of reckoning came and Robert Baratheon marched on the 
city. The Lannister's had sworn to protect the king against the rebels but Tywin 
Lannister didn't like being on the losing side. Jaime says he asked the mad king to 
surrender peacefully but he wouldn't listen to Jaime or anyone but Grand Maester 
Pycelle who said "you can trust the Lannisters, who are true friends of the crown." 
So the mad king opened the gates and Tywin sacked the city. Jaime begged the 
mad king to surrender. But the mad king told Jaime to bring Tywin's head to him. 
And then the mad king told his pyromancer to unleash hell: to light all the wildfire 
and burn them all, in their homes, in their beds. He asks Brienne if her precious 
Renly commanded her to kill her own father and then stand by as he burned 
thousands of men, women, and children alive would she have kept her oath then? 
So he killed the pyromancer and when the king turned to flee he put his sword 
through his back and he kept saying "burn them all."Jaime says he doesn't think the 
king expected to die but to burn with everyone else and rise from the fire as a 
dragon and turn his enemies to ash. "I slit his throat to make sure that didn't 
happen." That's where Ned Stark found him. Brienne asks why he didn't tell Lord 
Stark. Jaime says "do you think he wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty 
the moment he laid eyes on me." He asks by what right the wolf judges the lion? 
He is very agitated and woozy and begins to faint. Brienne catches him and calls 
out "the Kingslayer!" And he replies. "Jaime, my name is Jaime." 
 
Stannis' daughter goes to visit Davos. He tries to send her back to her room. He 
admits that he's a traitor and he disobeyed the king and will serve his time. She 
says she doesn't care, he's her friend and she's brought him a book. He says he can't 
read. She wants to teach him. He says she can't. She wonders what they'll do to 
them, put them in cells? He laughs. She beings to teach him to read. 
 
Danaerys, Ser Jorah, and Barristan lead the Unsullied through some fields on their 
march. Jorah talks about the time he was knighted. Barristan notes he spent most of 



his good years have been wasted serving for mad or drunk kings and for once he'd 
like to serve for someone who is worthy. He asks if Jorah believes in Dany. He 
says he does with all his heart. 
 
Dany addresses the Unsullied and asks if they've picked some leaders pointing out 
that they are free men now and need to make choices. When the leader presents 
himself and tells her that his name is Grey Worm-- they were all given new names 
to remind them that they are vermin-- she also tells them to pick new names, 
names that will give them pride. Grey Worm points out that he wants to keep his 
name because it gives him pride because the name he was born with cursed him to 
a life of slavery but his slave name was the one he had when Dany set him free. 
(Good point, Grey Worm!) She's touched by this. 
 
Jorah and Barristan talk about politics. Barristan says he never advised Robert on 
the small council even though he was commander of the Kingsguard because he 
had served the mad king, who wouldn't listen to him about the Targaryens. Jorah 
says he doesn't think he'd care for politics either. He says she'll have to wade 
through that muck anyway. But Barristan says she'll have good men around her 
and says that Jorah can't help her since her his reputation has suffered in the 
capital. He points out that if he is truly her loyal servant he'll do what's right when 
the time comes and leave her side if necessary. Jorah points out that Barristan isn't 
Lord Commander here, he's just another exile and Jorah takes his commands from 
the queen. 
 
Robb Stark is surveying the lay of the land regarding the war and is very frustrated. 
A large group of his men have deserted him and without them he can't really bring 
the war to the Lannister's. They're basically waiting him out, not chasing him. 
Talisa tries to help but doesn't really understand the pieces on the board and what 
they represent. (They're like big chess pieces.) She wonders if they shouldn't fall 
back and just wait out the winter. He says the winter could last five years and once 
his men go home and are warm by the fire with their families they won't want to 
fight again. He says he's lost his purpose. She says maybe it's time to give them a 
new purpose. As he explains it to her and puts her hand on the pieces they draw 
closer and start generating some heat and then he gets a light bulb. If he takes 
Casterley Rock, the Lannister's home, they will have to come fight him and Robb 
thinks they can take it. 
 
Sansa and Margaery watch Loras spar. Margaery reassures her that Joffrey will let 
her leave because it will be a favor to her. Loras' new squire comes over and says 
he'd like to see him spar with a partner that would truly challenge him. Cut to 
Loras and the squire in bed. Loras wonders how he knew since women often never 
know. He says he always knows and has been keeping company with several of the 
husbands of those women. 
 



The squire dutifully reports back to Littlefinger and gives him the intel about 
Loras' being lined up to marry Sansa. 
 
Littlefinger pays Sansa a visit down by the water where they can see his ship. He 
says he always wanted a ship and now that he has one he wants a dozen. He notes 
how funny that is, that when we get what we want we always want more. He says 
he'll be leaving soon and his offer still stands for her to go with him. She says she 
might actually be a danger to him and says it might be better if she stays. He says 
he understands and it is up to her but that they will talk again. 
 
Tywin Lannister, having caught wind of Margaery's little plot to marry Sansa off to 
Loras Tyrell has a plan of his own. Since he sees Sansa as the key to the north he 
won't let the Tyrell's plot ruin this. He tells Tyrion he will be marrying Sansa. 
Tyrion objects on a number of grounds but mainly out of humanity, that after all 
she's been through that to be married to him would be cruel. Tyrion and Cersei 
point out that this is a gift and much better than he should expect. Tywin says it's 
done, he will marry Sansa and put a child in her. And that it's high time that he was 
wed. Tyrion points out that he was wed. Tywin hasn't forgotten. Cersei is gloating 
about all of this and then Tywin lowers the boom. She will be marrying Loras 
Tyrell. She freaks out and says she won't do it and that she is the queen regent and 
not a breed whore. He says too bad, she will sacrifice for her family and that she's 
still young and fertile she will be having a child as well. And that maybe this 
finally put to rest the disgusting rumors about her. He appraises them and calls 
them a disgrace. Tywin leaves and Cersei and Tyrion sit in stunned silence. 

 

S3, Ep6 

The Climb 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Climb" - May 5, 2013 
 
Samwell and Gilly are deep in the woods huddled around a fire. He shows her an 
ancient dagger he found during the Fist of the First Men. He says it's just a few 
more days walk to the wall and it's even bigger than they say, 700 feet high. He 
notes Castle Black is nice enough with a 24/7 fire and a tasty venison stew and that 
the brothers sing. Not him, of course. She asks him to sing him a song. He sings a 
lullaby about The Father's face. 
 
Elsewhere, also in a forest, Osha and Meera get snippy with each other about the 
proper way to skin a rabbit. Bran asks them to stop fighting, saying they have to 
stay united in order to make it to the wall. He asks them to make peace and 
grudgingly they do. Meanwhile, JoJen is having some kind of seizure and Meera 
puts a belt in his mouth. She says the visions take their toll and he's having one 
now. He awakes and says he saw Jon Snow on the wrong side of the wall 



surrounded by enemies. 
 
Jon Snow continues on with Mance Rayder's men. They are about to attempt to 
mount the wall. Ygritte and Jon survey the wall. They're both afraid of climbing it 
but she says she can't wait to see the world from up there. They attach rudimentary 
crampons to their shoes. She again compliments his fine tongue work and calls him 
a proper lover and she says his secret is safe with her. He asks what secret. She 
says she's no dummy and knows that he didn't stop being a Crow the minute he 
walked in to Mance Rayder's tent. She knows he's loyal and asks that he be loyal to 
her since she's his woman now. She says they are simply expendable soldiers in 
their respective armies and it's him and her that matters. She tells him never to 
betray her. He says he won't. She points out that she'll cut off his man parts if he 
does. Tormund tells him to sink his pickaxe deep into the wall and to not scream if 
he falls because Jon Snow wouldn't want that to be the last thing Ygritte 
remembers. Jon looks despairingly at the wall. 
 
Arya takes target practice and Anguy gives her tips. A group on horseback 
approaches. It is Melisandre and her entourage. She speaks in a foreign tongue 
(High Valyrian) to BWB general Thoros. She asked why he was unable to get King 
Robert to follow the Lord of the Light. He says simply that he failed. She counters 
that he quit. They switch from High Valyrian to English and she asks why they are 
there. 
 
He brings her to see Beric Dondarrion. She appraises his many wounds and asks 
how often he's been brought back. Thoros says 6. She can't believe it. He says he 
can't really believe it either since his faith was shaken and he ate and whored his 
way across the land, all he did is ask for the Lord of Light to bring him back and he 
does. He didn't really believe but when Dondarrion died the first time he asked for 
his friend and the Lord brought him back. He said he knew then that their God was 
the one true God. Melisandre again turns to Beric and asks about the "other side." 
He says there is no other side, only darkness. He asks why she's been sent. She 
says they have something the Lord of Light needs. 
 
Gendry, Arya and another brother look at arrow tips that pierce armor. Melisandre 
approaches and two of her men apprehend Gendry. Arya begs them to stop them 
and that Gendry wants to be one of them. Thoros says the Lord of Light needs him. 
Arya says they're doing it for gold not a god. Thoros points out that they require 
gold to continue on. Gendry himself protests that they're not much of a 
brotherhood. Melisandre tells him Gendry is more than they could ever be. (Of 
course he doesn't know he's Robert Baratheon's son.) Arya again approaches her 
and calls her a witch and says she's going to hurt him. Melisandre grabs her face 
and says she sees a darkness in her as well as sets of eyes -- blue and green-- that 
Arya will shut forever. She says they will meet again and then carts off Gendry to 
Arya's heartbreak. 



 
The wildlings climb the windswept wall. Jon Snow makes the mistake of looking 
down. But then he stares at Ygritte's butt for inspiration. A chunk falls on him and 
knocks him back but he hangs on. 
 
The boy (whose name we still don't know) wakes the trussed up Theon, further 
torturing him by keeping him awake. He begs for water and the boy pours some 
out in front of him, cruelly. Theon begs for mercy and says he'll tell him 
everything. The boy says he's heard it all. He tells him he knows that the Stark 
boys are still alive and that he will find them. He says he knows Theon wonders 
why he's there, where he is, and why he's doing it this to him. He tells Theon if he 
can guess he won't cut off his little finger. He asks if he wins if he'll let him go. 
The boy says there is no good ending. He asks him where he is and Theon takes a 
few guesses and the boy cuts into the flesh of his pinky finger. He finally guesses 
right, according to the boy. He then asks who he is. Theon guesses he's a Karstark, 
younger brother of the one who Jaime killed and son of the Karstark man who was 
beheaded by Robb. Theon says he was Robb's bannerman, Theon betrayed Robb, 
and that's why this young Karstark is torturing him. The young man says he wins. 
However, he says Theon forgot to ask if he was a liar and he flays the skin off 
Theon's little finger. He says everything he told him is a lie and this isn't happening 
for a reason -- he's just doing it because he enjoys it. Finally, Theon begs him to 
cut the finger off and the young man turns to Theon and says "I win". 
 
The Freys come to meet with Robb. They say their father said the alliance can 
continue on several contingencies: an apology for Robb jilting his daughter, 
Harrenhal when the war is over, and Robb's Uncle Edmure marrying one of his 
daughters and a wedding in a fortnight. Their father is old and he says a wedding 
would give him peace and he wants an answer by the morning. Robb says they'll 
discuss it. His Uncle isn't up for it and wants to choose a pretty wife but Robb says 
he has no choice, he's won every battle but he's losing the war and they need to do 
this now. He says he knows he's paying for his sins and it's not fair or right and he 
won't forget it. 
 
Jaime and Brienne meet with Roose Bolton. Jaime struggles to cut his meat until 
Brienne helps him. Bolton is considering selling Jaime or killing him. He says to 
Jaime that when he is well enough to travel he will allow him to continue to King's 
Landing as restitution for the loss of his hand, as long as he swears to tell his father 
he played no part in Locke maiming him. Jaime wants to drink on it but Roose 
doesn't drink. Jaime is happy about this until Roose tells him Brienne isn't going 
with him since she abetted treason. Jaime protests but Roose points out he's in no 
position to overplay his position again 
 
Tywin and Olenna talk about his plan to marry Cersei to Loras. She protests Cersei 
is too old and "the change" will be upon her soon. He points out that he knows that 



Loras is a degenerate and she admits Loras is a "sword swallower". He says she 
should be grateful to have her grandson marry Cersei and remove the stain from 
his name. She calls it a natural thing. He thinks her tolerance for buggery is higher 
than his. She notes that brothers having sex with sisters would be a higher form of 
a stain, i.e. Cersei and Jaime. He calls it a malicious lie and he doesn't care what 
people believe and neither does she. She disagrees. He points out if the rumors are 
true then Joffrey isn't the king and Margaery marrying him is the Tyrells throwing 
their "prize flower" in the dirt. She counters if Cersei is too old to give Loras 
children then they are throwing another prize flower in the dirt. He notes that the 
uncertainty makes her uncomfortable. Tywin says he'll remove it: If Loras doesn't 
marry Cersei he will make him part of the King's Guard and he'll never marry and 
have children, so the Tyrell name will die with him. She can't believe he'd have his 
grandson protected by someone who disgusts him. He says he would have his 
grandson protected by a great warrior. He pulls out a quill and asks if she consents 
to the order adding Loras to the Kingsguard. She reaches out and takes the quill 
from Tywin's hand, observing that it is a rare thing to encounter a man who lives 
up to his reputation. She breaks the quill in half. 
 
The wildlings are climbing the wall when a crack begins to spread across it, 
creating a landslide sending several people flying -- including Ygritte and Jon 
Snow, who are weighing down Tormund and Orell. Orell cuts them loose but Jon 
Snow gets purchase before Ygritte falls and he pulls her up. They start climbing 
again. 
 
Sansa chats with Loras about their potential marriage. She compliments his brooch. 
She says she's very happy. Loras says he is too and says he's dreamed of a large 
wedding since he was young. He calls her very beautiful and talks excitedly about 
the dress she'll wear. She says she can't wait to see Highgarden and leave this 
place. He agrees it is terrible. 
 
Tyrion and Cersei watch this. Tyrion says there's nothing they can do about it. 
Cersei notes they could have them both killed. Tyrion wonders who is getting the 
worst end of the deal, deciding Sansa but that Loras will also know misery. She 
says they're all being shipped off to hell together. He notes she built the boat. She 
says she did what she did for the family. Tyrion says he's family too and he helped 
save them. She admits he was helpful in the war. He says it was weird that she 
ordered him killed then. She doesn't deny it, but her silent expression seems to 
confirm to Tyrion that it was in fact Joffrey who ordered his execution. He asks if 
his life is still in danger. She says probably, not right now with Lord Tywin in the 
picture. He can't believe 7 kingdoms quiver in fear of Tywin Lannister. She notes 
the Tyrell's don't fear him and history will be taken from their hands. Tyrion says 
she'll be fine when Jaime gets back since Loras will probably suffer a case of 
swords through bowels. Cersei wonders who will tell Sansa. 
 



Shae helps Sansa with her dress for the Tyrell wedding. Tyrion enters and asks 
Shae to leave. She stands her ground. He notes "this is awkward...' 
 
Littlefinger sits and gazes at the throne and Varys enters. They do their dance. 
Varys says thwarting him wasn't always his plan and he didn't take that much 
pleasure in it but admits "who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then." 
Littlefinger agrees and says it gave him pleasure when he turned over his "bad 
investment"-- whom Varys swore to protect-- to a "friend" looking for a fresh 
experience. He and Varys agree they've been telling themselves stories/lies for 
years to protect themselves. But Varys says when they abandon the lies there is 
only a pit of chaos. Littlefinger says chaos is a ladder and that life is all about the 
climb. 
 
As he speaks we cut to Joffrey's chambers. Littlefinger gave his "bad investment" 
Ros to Joffrey who used his new crossbow for target practice. We then cut to 
Sansa, Shae by her side, tearfully watching Littlefnger's ship depart, knowing now 
that she must marry Tyrion. And then we cut to Jon Snow and Ygritte reaching the 
top of the wall, exhausted. They lie on their backs and Jon sees Orell's eagle fly 
across the sky as the sun breaks through. They both gaze at the amazing view of 
where they just came from. He helps her up. And they look at the view of where 
they are going. They kiss. 

 

S3, Ep7 

The Bear and the Maiden Fair 

•  Everybody is on the move tonight. 
 
The Wildlings have scaled the wall and are now on their way to Castle Black. 
 
Robb Stark is going to be a daddy! This is headline from the front lines as rain 
delays their march to marry Edmure off to one of Walder Frey's daughters, he and 
Talisa make like bunnies. When they are done she begins writing a letter to her 
mum in Valyrian. Robb promises one day he will go with her to meet her mother, 
who will likely be surprised she's a queen. Talisa says there are many surprises in 
store and drops the bomb that she's pregnant. Robb is thrilled and professes his 
love for her and they get it on again. 
 
Although Orell is skeptical of Jon Snow's allegiances and perhaps even lineage, it 
seems he also carries a torch for Ygritte. When he professes his love for her and 
points out that Jon Snow's beauty won't matter when she knows what he is, she 
doesn't budge. 
 
Sansa complains to Margaery about having to marry Tyrion. Margarey notes that 



he's not the worst Lannister, reminding Sansa that she herself have to marry 
Joffrey. TouchÃ©. She points out all the possible political advantages to Sansa as 
well, bearing a Lannister child. Which makes Sansa finally realize she's going to 
have to mate with Tyrion. Margaery says not to worry about it, especially since 
she's heard that Tyrion is quite experienced. Sansa is confused by how Margaery 
learned all about how it can be difficult to please women in bed and how some 
men are better than others. She asks if her mother taught her. Margaery suppresses 
a laugh at her innocent friend and agrees that yes, her mother taught her. 
 
Tyrion drinks with Bronn and worries about how angry Shae is going to be about 
his marriage to Sansa. Bronn suggests Tyrion weds Sansa and keep Shae as well. 
Bronn gives him a hard time saying he wants Sansa he just doesn't want to admit it. 
 
Tywin is summoned to the throne room by Joffrey. Apparently, the king is mad 
that no one has been counseling him on what's happening in the small council 
meetings... which he hasn't attended. He's worried about Dany's dragons. Tywin 
points out that he could attend these meetings if he wanted to and that Dany's 
dragons are curiosities on the far side of the world that need not be worried about 
according to their experts. He promise to keep Joffrey in the loop and departs with 
a smirk. 
 
Khaleesi and the gang reach Yunkai, a large, prosperous city. Jorah notes there is a 
no need to engage them in battle. When Dany asks how many slaves are in the city 
and he replies 200,000, she retorts that there are 200,000 reasons to defeat Yunkai 
then. She summons one of the slave masters. He offers her gold and ships to leave 
them alone. She offers him his life. He is confused. She says if the masters of 
Yunkai don't release every man, woman, and child slave and give them enough 
clothing and property, she, the Unsullied, and her dragons will make sure they 
regret it, just like the people of Astapor did. He calls her mad and says they have 
powerful friends and when they defeat her they will just re-enslave the people and 
maybe make her a slave too. At this the dragons squawk menacingly. The man 
departs with Khaleesi's message and without his gold. Jorah says they won't bend, 
and she says they will break then and asks Jorah to find out who these powerful 
friends are. 
 
Tyrion attempts to bribe Shae with a large gold necklace to distract her from his 
wedding to Sansa. When Shae shows her anger, He promises her a house, money, 
and guards and professes his love. But she says she is just his whore and when 
Tyrion tires of her he will discard her. 
 
Melisandre and Gendry sail towards King's Landing through the wreckage of 
Stannis' ships in Blackwater Bay. She asks Gendry if he didn't wonder where he 
came from? She confesses she was a slave, branded and bound but saved by The 
Lord of Light. She finally tells him Robert was his father. He gulps. 



 
Arya stews with the Brotherhood Without Banners whom she calls traitors. When 
they hear a Lannister party is a day's ride away they decide to "lion-hunting." 
When Arya realizes this will take them off the path of delivering her to Robb she is 
incensed and takes off running through the woods...only to be intercepted by the 
Hound. 
 
Brienne stews in her cell. Jaime arrives to inform her that he is leaving the next day 
to continue the push to King's Landing.. He also knows that Bolton is riding the 
next day as well, to go the Edmure/Frey wedding. He tells her, sadly, that she will 
stay there with Locke, the sadistic handslayer. He says he owes her a debt and the 
Lannister's always pay their debts. She tells him to keep his word to Catelyn Stark 
and get Sansa and Arya free and he can consider the debt paid. He swears he will 
return the Stark girls to Catelyn. She says goodbye. He turns, choked up, and 
leaves. As they mount up to ride in their different directions, Bolton reminds Jaime 
to smooth things over with Tywin. Jaime sends regards to Edmure's wedding. 
Locke taunts him and says they'll take good care of Brienne. 
 
Theon is taunted by two comely young women, who pretend to salve his wounds 
and offer him sexual release only for the sadistic boy to return and cut off his 
penis. 
 
Jon Snow and Ygritte are flirting and playing around until Ygritte mentions taking 
back their rightful land from Winterfell. Jon melts down pointing out that every 
time the Wildlings have attacked through the centuries they have failed, she doesn't 
care saying this time will be different because Mance Rayder is different. He says 
that the better equipped and trained armies of the cities will kill "all of you." She 
corrects him saying "all of us," now that they have pledged themselves to each 
other. She says they may all die, but for now they need to get busy living. He 
agrees and they make out. 
 
Osha, Bran and the gang continue to bicker with one another as Osha doesn't like it 
that she and Hodor do all the work whiel JoJen fills Bran's head with visionary 
talk. She especially doesn't care for it when JoJen informs her they are no longer 
going to Castle Black but north towards the wall. She says she swore to Bran's 
maester that she'd get him to Castle Black and Robb and no further and that they 
really shouldn't change course. She admits that when she was younger she had a 
man. He left her and returned as a White Walker and she was forced to kill him. 
Bran thinks maybe he was pushed off the tower for a reason and that the gods have 
plans for him and that if JoJen and his raven visions say he should reunite with Jon 
Snow, maybe that's what they should do. 
 
A little ways into their ride on a break the maester looks at Jaime's stump, salves 
and bandages it. Jaime learns that he was stripped of his maester chain because he's 



a curious doctor. He said that the only way to figure out illnesses is to look at them 
and Jaime deduces correctly that he performed experiments on living men, dying 
paupers. The maester points out that Jaime has killed a countless number of people 
and wonders how many he's saved. Jaime says half a million: the population of 
King's Landing. 
 
The maester tells him that Bolton turned down an offer of gold from Brienne's 
father. Because of Jaime's lie that Brienne's father presided over untold sapphire 
mines, Locke thought that he was cheaping out and will likely not value her 
enough to leave her unspoiled. Alarmed by what this means Jaime insists that they 
go back. 
 
When they return Brienne is in a pit, fighting off a bear with a wooden sword for 
the amusement of Locke and the rest of Bolton's men. Jaime jumps in the pit with 
her knowing it wlll force them to save her since they swore to Bolton they would 
get him back to Tywin Lannister. They are both pulled up and out of the pit in the 
nick of time and Jaime informs Locke he will be taking Brienne with him. 

 

S3, Ep8 

Second Sons 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Second Sons" - May 19, 2013 
 
Arya is about to do in a sleeping Hound with a rock but he's not sleeping and says 
"kill me and you're free but if I live I'll break both your hands." They mount up 
again and he tells her how he saved Sansa from rape and says that if she doesnt 
believe him, she can ask Sansa herself if she ever gets to see her sister again. As 
they ride, they come across a body of water. Arya asks him if thats the Black 
Water since she thinks he is taking her back to Kings Landing. But the Hound says 
No, f#*k Joffrey and f#*k the Queen. Hes taking her to the Twins because that is 
where her mother and brother will be and he believes that they'll pay him for her 
return. He tells her to quit trying to kill him because he's taking her to back to her 
family. 
 
The Khaleesi and her men observe the sell swords arriving at Yunkai. They are the 
Second Sons, she orders her Grey Worm to send a man to see if they would rather 
fight for the winning side. The three leaders of the Second Sons meet with them in 
the Khaleesi's tent. The leader taunts her like she's a whore but Dario, seems more 
reasonable and intelligent, noting that they have 8,000 Unsullied not 10,000. She 
tells the older guy to give her the Second Sons and she won't geld him,noting she 
has 8 thousand Unsullied and they only have 2 thousand Second Sons. They say 
they can't break their bond or they won't get another contract. She says they'll 
never need to have another contract if they work for her. She says she has as army 



and dragons. The Leader of the Second Sons tells Khaleesi that he will make her 
his whore. She gives them two days to decide. She tells Barristan if it comes to 
battle, to kill that guy first. 
 
Gendry and Melisandre arrive back at Dragonstone, she introduces him to Stannis. 
He gives him the onceover and determines he's half-Robert and half-lowborn. They 
spirit him away to chambers and a bath. Stannis wonders what she means to do 
with him. She says he knows what she is going to do (implying that she will 
sacrifice him since there is power in the Kings blood). He then asks her, if you are 
going to kill him, then why bother bathing and clothing him. She likens it to 
slaughtering a lamb and making sure the panic doesn't seep into the meat and "foul 
the flavor." Davos has made great progress in his reading. He's up to a picture book 
about the Targaryens. Stannis comes to visit. He says Davos doesn't belong in a 
place like this and apologizes for the loss of his son, a good and loyal lad. He gives 
him the news of Melisandre and Gendry and the upcoming sacrifice. Davos points 
out the boy is Stannis' nephew. He says they're at war and what of it. He notes 
Gendry has his blood. Stannis notes that Renly did too. Davos points out that 
Renly wronged him. Stannis protests that this is his destiny and he must do his 
duty and what's one bastard boy against a kingdom? Davos asks why he came to 
see him. He says he'll free him if never again raises a hand to Melisandre. Davos 
says he won't but he will think it and he thinks Stannis freed him at this moment to 
help protect the boy. He also says he thinks men make up Gods to protect their 
children. Stannis says that Melisandre showed him a vision of the future in a fire. 
He also knows that Davos witnessed her power too when she gave birth to smoke 
demon and asks him that once you've seen her power, how can you deny 
Melisandre's god is real? 
 
The Second Sons debate working for Khaleesi. They think they can slip past the 
Unsullied and simply kill her. They choose coins as to who will do the deed. 
Daario draws the coin that means he must kill Daenerys . 
 
Sansa is in her dressing room when Tyrion arrives. It is their wedding day. He asks 
Podrick and Shae to give them a moment alone. He explains that he didn't ask for 
this. He says she no longer needs to be a prisoner since she'll be his wife, a 
different kind of prison. He very sweetly tries to explain that they're both feeling 
weird about this but he promises that he won't ever hurt her. He asks if she drinks 
wine, she says when she has to. He says today she has to. 
 
Margaery tries to befriend Cersei, saying that they will be sisters soon. Cersei tells 
her a tale about ambitious climbers that came before her and how they clashed with 
Tywin and were slaughtered, the entire house. Cersei talks about their bodies 
hanging and rotting above Casterly Rock. Cersei tells Margaery if she ever calls 
her sister again she will have her strangled in her sleep. 
 



Sansa takes the long walk down the aisle when Joffrey walks up beside her to 
escort her to the front where she will give her wedding vows. Joffrey tells her that 
since he is the King, he is technically The Father of the Realm, and it is his job to 
give the bride away. Bronn smiles at her in the crowd. Margaery gives her an 
encouraging glance. Joffrey then takes away Tyrion's step-stool as a mean gesture 
so Tyrion can't properly "cloak" her as part of the ceremony. There are a few titters 
which Tywin immediately squashes. The priest gets down to business. 
 
Gendry wanders around his room and Melisandre comes in to fatten him up so to 
speak. They talk about how shocking coming into contact with real wealth. She 
was poor too. She gives him a drink. He's worried she's trying to poison him so she 
drinks it first. He has a drink and says it's good. She talks about how he still doesn't 
trust her and she wins him over and drinks more herself. She starts talking about 
how he has power inside of him that he doesn't understand and that she is here to 
birth it into the world. She starts taking off his clothes which he points out doesn't 
seem very religious. To who? She asks. She disrobes. She says death is coming for 
everyone and everything and that the two of them can stop it. She takes him to bed 
and mounts him and says let me show you what you have inside of you. And then 
she slips him inside of her. She ties up his hands and feet and drops leeches on 
him. He freaks out and she says not to worry that they won't take much. He asks 
what she's doing and she says there's power in king's blood. She puts a leech on his 
penis. She then picks them off as Stannis and Davros enter. Stannis drops them in 
the fire and says the names of Robb Stark, Joffrey Baratheon, and Bailon Greyjoy. 
 
Tyrion gets drunk at the reception. Olenna explains to Loras how they will all be 
related to Cersei, Joffrey, Tyrion and Sansa as step-siblings, aunts and nieces and 
brothers and in-laws once all the weddings are done. Sansa excuses herself from 
the drunken Tyrion. He looks woefully at Shae. Tywin comes over and reminds 
him that he needs to have a child soon and he can't be drunk and perform. Tyrion 
says no man can match him in drinking and lust. Tywin firmly reminds him of his 
duty. Tyrion raises a glass to an equally woeful looking Loras on the balcony. 
Loras goes to chat with Cersei. She makes it clear she cares not for what he might 
have to say. 
 
Joffrey meets Sansa on her walk and he taunts her about her dream come true to 
have a Lannister baby. He says maybe he'll pay a visit to her that night after her 
uncle passes out, whether she likes it or not. Joffrey drags her back in and says it's 
time for the "bedding" ceremony, in which the newlyweds are dragged to their 
wedding bed. Tyrion pushes back and threatens to cut off Joffrey's manhood. 
Joffery is enraged. Tywin steps in and Tyrion makes a joke out of it to save his 
skin. He stumbles around and grabs Sansa and talks about the time he threw up on 
a girl in the middle of the act and he will tell her all about it to put her in the mood. 
Once they get to their room he stumbles to the table and has another drink and tells 
her to call him Tyrion. He regards her neck as astoundingly long. He asks how old 



she is. 14 She says. He tells her he has been commanded to consummate the 
marriage. She has a big drink of her own. She heads to the bed and starts to take 
off her dress. He watches, apprehensively. He stops her and says he can't. He 
clarifies that he can but that he won't. She asks after Tywin. He says if Tywin 
wants to get effed he knows where he can start. Tyrion says he won't share her bed 
until she wants him too. She asks what if she never wants him to? He raises his 
glass and says "and so my watch begins." He stumbles over and passes out on a 
chaise. 
 
Dario of the Second Sons, slips into Khaleesi's camp. She is being bathed by her 
handmaiden, who it turns out knows 19 languages, reasonably well. Dario grabs 
her girl and puts a knife to her neck. She asks what he wants. He says her. She 
notes he was sent there to kill her but he says he doesn't want to and drops the 
heads of his cohorts in the Second Sons. He says her beauty meant more to him 
than it did to his buddies. He says he only does what he wants. She asks why she 
should trust a man who murdered his comrades. He notes he was told to murder 
her, he disagreed, they fought, he won. She stands up naked out of the bath and 
asks if he'll fight for her and asks him to swear to her. He says the Second Sons are 
hers as well as his heart. 
 
Shae arrives the next morning to feed Sansa and Tyrion. She slams things around 
and is rude to him. Shae sees that they did not sleep together --no blood on the 
sheets-- and is pleased. 
 
Sam and Gilly continue their long walk through the woods and come upon a 
shelter. He says they should stay for the night. He coos at the baby. Ravens seem to 
be gathering on a nearby Hearth tree that has a face on it. He can't build a fire. She 
says they can keep each other warm under the furs. Sam claims the baby winked at 
him. She says he probably blinked. He asks if she's thought of a name. She goes to 
build the fire. He goes through a list of boy's names. He explains the difference 
between birth names and surnames. She asks if his father was cruel like hers. He 
says a different manner of cruel. The birds start squawking very loudly outside. 
Sam goes to check on the ruckus. She tells him not to go out. He takes a torch and 
sword to go look. There are hundreds of crows in the trees screeching. He tells her 
to go back inside. The birds stop screeching. They see a figure, a White Walker. 
She says it has come for the baby. Sam holds his sword to it. The White Walker 
destroys the sword and throws Sam to the ground. The Walker keeps going for the 
baby, Sam stabs him in the back with the dragon glass dagger he found. The White 
Walker turns to ice and shatters to the ground. They run off being followed by the 
ravens. 

 

S3, Ep9 

The Rains of Castamere 



•  "The Rains of Castamere" - June 2, 2013 
 
Robb lets Catelyn in on his plan to take Casterley Rock. In light of what happened 
when he went against her regarding Theon, he asks her advice. She tells them that 
it's a great risk but it's time to show the Lannisters how it feels to lose what they 
love. 
 
The wedding party finally arrives at Lord Walder Frey's bridge/castle, The Twins. 
Robb apologizes for spurning his daughters. Frey introduces him to all of the 
women he turned down for becoming queen. He apologizes to the many women 
directly and says he's sorry that he turned them down but he fell in love with 
Talisa. Frey calls Talisa forward and says it's not love for Robb but beauty. He 
ogles her and talks about what's under her dress and says he was betrayed for firm 
tits and a tight fit and he can respect that. Frey says it's time to party and put this 
mess behind them. 
 
Daario, Daenerys, Barristan, Jorah, and Grey Worm plot a plan to take Yunkai. 
Dany is clearly getting sweet on Daario. Jorah is skeptical but the others are 
convinced. And when she ask asks Grey Worm in the old tongue whether he trusts 
Daario, he says he does. 
 
Samwell explains to Gilly that they're heading for the Night Fort, the first castle on 
the wall. It has a secret sally port that he hopes to be able to find. Gilly wonders 
how he knows all of this and he says he read it in a book. She thinks he must be a 
wizard if he could divine all that information from "staring at marks on paper." She 
says her father used to tell her that no Wildling looked upon the wall and lived but 
here they are, alive. 
 
The Hound and Arya run into a hog farmer on the road on the way to the Twins. 
He helps the man fix his wagon, and then knocks him out. Arya asks him not to kill 
him, begs him and he grumpily acquiesces saying her kindness will get her killed 
someday. The man wakes and Arya knocks him out again. Bran, Rickon, Hodor 
and their crew reach a windmill in a tattered old village and wait out a storm. 
Hodor is freaked out by the thunder. 
 
Jon Snow and the Wildlings raid an elderly horse breeder's house. Jon asks Ygritte 
to spare the breeder yet she shoots and he manages to gets away anyway. 
 
The Hound taunts her saying the closer she gets the more frightened she becomes 
because she's afraid, now that she's so close she thinks she might not make it. She 
says she's seen fear in him too, fear around fire. He tells her to give it a shot and try 
to run. She says someday she's going to put a sword through his eye and out the 
back of his skull. She looks longingly across the river where her family is. 
 



The wildlings arrive near the ruined windmill after chasing the breeder. 
 
Hodor's yelling about the thunder is drawing the attention of the Wildlings outside 
until Bran uses his warg powers and goes inside him and causes him to pass out. 
The warg Orell in the Wildling party points out he heard shouting from the tower 
but no one seems to believe him. They capture the horse breeder. Tormund moves 
to kill the old man, but Orell tells him to have Jon do it instead, to prove his 
loyalty. Even at Ygritte's urging Jon is ultimately unable to kill the innocent man 
and Ygritte puts an arrow in his chest. Orell says Jon will always be a Crow and 
will stab him in the back he first chance he gets. The Wildlings attack him and 
Ygritte tries to help Jon but Tormund holds her back telling her not to die for a 
crow. Bran enters the minds of Summer and Shaggydog, his and Rickon's 
direwolves, and aides Jon, having the wolves attack the Wildlings. Jon kills Orell 
but not before being attacked by an eagle that Orell controlled using his warg 
abilities. Jon rides away leaving Ygritte behind. 
 
When night falls, Daario, Jorah, and Grey Worm arrive at the gate. Daario enters 
ahead of them, posing as a still loyal Second Son commander. Shortly after being 
let inside the city, he signals Jorah and Grey Worm to follow him. Once inside the 
city, they are ambushed by a group of Yunkai's slave soldiers, and though largely 
outnumbered, manage to kill them. More slave soldiers come through the doors 
and surround Daario, Jorah, and Grey Worm. 
 
At night, Walder walks his daughter Roslin down the aisle to her future husband 
Edmure Tully , who is pleasantly surprised by her beauty. Walder Frey shoots 
Robb a smirk. Edmure and Roslin are wed. 
 
Bran tells JoJen he was right, he can get inside anyone or animal he wants. JoJen 
says not anyone can get inside another person, that Bran is special. He tells them 
he saw Jon and that he got away. Osha wants to go to Castle Black and doesn't 
want to go north of the wall. Bran says she doesn't have to come. Bran asks Osha 
to take Rickon to Last Hearth, the home of the Umber family, Stark bannermen 
who will protect them. Rickon wants to stay with Bran but Bran says if something 
happens to him Rickon will be the heir to Winterfell. Osha reassures a tearful 
Rickon and she, Rickon, and Shaggydog depart. Osha tells them to keep Bran safe, 
that he means the world to her. 
 
After fighting a second wave of soldiers, the group returns to Daenerys, and tell 
her the attack on Yunkai was successful, and she is now in control of the city. 
Jorah stands proud before his Queen to inform her that the city is her's. However, 
Daenerys' main concern is for the well-being of Daario. Jorah's expression is one 
of heartbreak when he sees the look Daenerys gives the triumphant Daario. 
 
At the wedding feast, Bolton tells Catelyn that he also married a Frey, a grand 



daughter. He said he could have his pick and would give him her weight in silver. 
Catelyn states she hopes his wife makes him happy to which he replies his wife 
made him rich. 
 
Robb tells Talisa that Catelyn is starting to like her and Talisa says she feels the 
same but if she had her druthers she'd be back home playing her harp. 
 
Walder calls for the bedding ceremony to begin, and Roslin is carried off by the 
male guests, followed closely by Edmure, who is collected by the Frey women. 
Talisa thinks this is a very strange custom. He says it's tradition and gives proof of 
consummation. She says there are other ways and touches his hand to her belly. 
She says she wants to name him Eddard, after Robb's father. A new Ned Stark for 
Robb to raise. 
 
After they leave, Lothar Frey closes the banquet hall doors, and a musician begins 
playing "The Rains of Castamere," a Lannister victory song. Catelyn recognizes it 
and looks stricken. 
 
Using the food cart as their reason for being at the Twins, the Hound and Arya 
arrive at the wedding shortly after the bedding has begun, and are turned away at 
the gates. Soldiers begin running through the gates and Arya looks nervous. When 
the Hound moves to turn the cart around, he notices Arya has fled. 
 
Catelyn draws back Roose Bolton's sleeve to reveal that he's cloaked in chainmail 
underneath his wedding attire. She stands and slaps him and calls to Robb. 
 
Walder rises to make a toast to Robb, and signals his men to attack. Lothar draws a 
knife and repeatedly stabs the pregnant Talisa in the stomach, killing her and her 
unborn child inside of her. Before he can react, Robb is shot by the musicians with 
crossbows several times and falls to the ground. The soldiers attack all in the Stark 
party. Frey has a drink and very much enjoys watching the slaughter. 
 
Arya, having snuck past the gate guards, witnesses Frey men kill Stark soldiers and 
Grey Wind, Robb's direwolf. She is saved by the Hound, who knocks her 
unconscious before carrying her out of the castle. 
 
Catelyn, having been wounded by a crossbow bolt, holds a knife to the throat of 
Walder's young wife, demanding that Robb be allowed to leave. Walder says he'll 
find another wife, and takes another drink as Bolton betrays Robb, saying "the 
Lannisters send their regards" and stabbing him in the heart as he falls and dies 
next to Talisa. Catelyn cries out in anguish and cuts the throat of Walder Frey's 
young wife. She stands there, catatonic for a few moments as another Frey cuts her 
throat. She falls to floor, dead. Cut to black. 

 



S3, Ep10 

Mhysa 

•  We open on the continued slaughter of the Stark soldiers and bannermen at 
Walder Frey's. Arya, now with a gash on her head, looks on distraught as she's held 
on a horse by the Hound. They survey a bit of the madness before riding off. Robb 
Stark's body, with Grey Wind's head replacing his is paraded about the Twins as 
Arya looks on in despair. Arya and The Hound ride off to safety. 
 
Meanwhile in King's Landing as Sansa and Tyrion make their way-- with Shae 
close behind-- people openly titter at them and Tyrion says he's adding them to his 
"list." Sansa, sweetly, thinks they should get their revenge by sewing sheep poop 
into their beds like Arya used to do to her. Podrick arrives to tell him that a 
meeting of the small council has been called. 
 
Tyrion joins Varys, Grand Maester Pycelle, Cersei, Tywin and Joffrey in the 
chambers. The news of Robb and Catelyn Stark's demise has reached them. Tyrion 
taunts Joffrey in a most dangerous way and Joffrey calls him a monster. Tyrion 
tells him to be careful of monsters as kings seem to be in the habit of dying. 
Incensed he threatens to take his tongue. Pycelle tells him he should apologize to 
Joffrey. Cersei tries to calm Joffrey, who keeps proclaiming he's king. Tywin 
points out that a man who must declare he's king isn't really one. Tywin says 
Joffrey will be, once Tywin wins the war for him. Joffrey lashes out at Tywin and 
says that it's his father who is the real warrior and that Tywin "hid" at Casterley 
Rock. A chill takes the room. 
 
Tywin essentially sends Joffrey to bed without his supper and all depart except 
Tyrion. Tywin will appoint Roose Bolton as the warden of the north until Tyrion 
and Sansa's hoped for son will come of age. Tyrion says he understands Tywin's 
cheating, it's war after all, but to slaughter the Starks at a wedding seems low. 
Tywin says killing a few here, saves thousands in war. And more importantly that 
he will do what it takes to protect his family and its power. Tyrion says he will not 
rape Sansa. Tywin says he needs to put the family first. Tyrion asks when Tywin 
has ever done anything solely for the family that wasn't in his own interest. He then 
regales Tyrion with a chilling little tale about how when he was born he wanted to 
drown him in the sea because of his "deformity." Tyrion returns to his 
bedchambers and sees a tearful Sansa. She has heard the news. 
 
JoJen, Bran, Hodor and the gang are still on the move and find an abandoned 
structure near the Night Fort to stay in. Bran says there are horrible stories about 
the place that they are staying. He tells them about a cook in the Night's Watch 
who hated the King so much that he killed his son and cooked him into a pie. The 
King liked it so much he had a second slice. The gods, allegedly, turned the cook 
into a big white rat who could only eat his own young. The gods apparently don't 



like it when you kill a guest beneath your roof. 
 
Women are cleaning the blood off the floor at Frey's house. Roose Bolton notes 
that the Blackfish got away. Frey isn't worried, he's gloating at killing all the 
people who laughed at him. Bolton says he will move to Winterfell eventually, 
after it's fixed up. Roose explains about what happened to Theon. Roose had sent 
his bastard, Ramsay Snow to Winterfell. It was him that had put Winterfell to the 
torch after Theon's Iron Born turned on him. 
 
We cut to Theon on the rack and the boy taunting him about cutting off his penis 
and whether he has phantom pains. He eats a big pork sausage. (The boy is 
apparently Bolton's bastard son Ramsay.) Theon begs Ramsay to kill him. Ramsay 
says he's no good to him dead. He says he's no longer a lord now and he calls him 
"stinking meat" and renames him "Reek" since he stinks. He beats him asking 
"what's your name?" until he answers "Reek." 
 
Bran awakes in a panic and calls to Hodor. They hear a noise. A figure appears. It's 
Samwell and Gilly. Samwell realizes that Bran is Jon's brother, thanks to his 
direwolf and Hodor. He says Jon saved his life and so Bran is now his brother. 
They ask him to take them north of the wall and he's confused as to why they'd 
want to go there. He says he'll take them to Castle Black instead which is where 
Jon will be and it's the only safe place. Sam tells him he saw the White Walkers. 
JoJen says no one can stop them. Bran begs him to take them north. 
 
A missive arrives at the Greyjoy castle in the Iron Islands. The note from Bolton 
asks for all of his people to be pulled from the north or they will be flayed alive as 
they flayed those at Winterfell. It comes with a box... with Theon's penis in it. The 
note says if they don't pull out of the north more parts of Theon will arrive in 
boxes. Balon tells his daughter that since Theon disobeyed his orders and since he 
can't further the Greyjoy line he won't give up the lands he seized to save him. She 
notes that he is his son and a Greyjoy. He says too bad and he's doing nothing. She 
says she's going to take the fastest ship in their fleet, take the 50 best killers, and 
she's going to the Dreadfort and she's going to find her little brother and bring him 
home. 
 
Sam shows them the obsidian dagger that killed the White Walker. Bran gives it to 
Hodor. Sam says he got lucky with one and there are many more, more than you 
can count. He implores Bran to come with them to Castle Black. Bran wishes he 
could. He and the gang set off as Sam and Gilly watch. 
 
Davos goes to visit Gendry in his cell. He consoles that he was born in Flea 
Bottom just like Gendry. He tries to bond with him. Davos wonders why he got 
with Melisandre. Gendry points out he's never been with a woman. Davos gets it. 
Gendry asks how Davos became a lord. He explains that he helped Stannis out of a 



jam and he didn't want to be a lord, but he did it for his son, so he'd have a better 
life. Of course, now he's dead. 
 
Varys chats with Shae down by the water. He says she's been a good influence on 
Tyrion. Shae is bitter but admits she loves Sansa and would kill for her which 
makes it harder. Varys gives her a bag of diamonds and tells her to spirit herself 
away and start a new, good life far from here. She wonders why he wants her to 
leave. He says that Tyrion could actually lead this country well, make it a better 
place, and she is a complication. He's not asking her to leave for money but 
because her presence endangers Tyrion. She throws the diamonds back and says if 
Tyrion wants her to leave he can tell her himself. 
 
Tyrion drinks with Podrick, who is having trouble keeping up. Cersei enters and 
orders him out. She taunts him about "enjoying married life." She claims she's not 
going to be railroaded into marrying Loras. She tells him to impregnate Sansa 
since that will make her happy. He points out that she has children and she doesn't 
seem very happy. She says she isn't but her children keep her from throwing 
herself out a window. She reminisces about how she used to spend hours looking at 
baby Joffrey and that he used to be jolly little fellow. She says no one can take that 
away from her, not even Joffrey. He asks how long does it go on? She says until 
they've dealt with their enemies. He points out everytime they deal with one they 
make two more. She says then it will go on for a long time. 
 
The Hound and Arya ride past a group of men, one of whom claims he sawed off 
Robb's head. Arya comes up behind him and claims she's hungry and wants to 
keep warm by the fire. They tell her to go away and she says she's got money. She 
hands them a coin and then stabs the guy to death. The Hound takes care of the rest 
of them. She nicked the knife from the Hound. He asks if this is the first man she 
killed. She says, yes, the first. He says next time she's going to do that, tell him 
first. She picks up the coin and says the magic words, "valar morghulis." 
 
Jon Snow is at a pond drinking and cleaning up and Ygritte comes up behind him 
with her bow and arrow drawn. He says he didn't have a choice and she knew who 
he was. He says he has to go home and he knows she won't hurt him. She says he 
knows nothing. He says he knows he loves her and she loves him but he has to go 
home now. He turns. She shoots him, in the back and the leg. She cries as he rides 
away. 
 
Sam and Gilly arrive back at the Night's Watch and chat with the blind Maester 
Aemon. She announces she has named the baby Sam. Sam explains that the baby 
isn't his and she's one of Craster's wives. Sam says he's seen the "night gathering" 
and that it's coming for all of them. The maester says Gilly and baby Sam will be 
their guests for the time being. He asks Sam to take a letter. He also tells them to 
make sure all 44 ravens have been fed because everyone of them is being sent 



tonight. 
 
Davos works on his reading with scrolls as Stannis' daughter pays a visit. He's 
reading the scrolls since he's Stannis' hand again and he needs to keep them 
informed. He reads the note from the Night's Watch. Suddenly the bells start 
ringing. He tells her to stay put and bar the door. He goes to see Stannis, who has 
heard the news of Robb Stark's death. Melisandre says her faith has been rewarded. 
Davos tells Stannis that uniting the seven kingdoms with blood and magic is wrong 
and evil. Stannis ignores him and notes that dragons are magic and that's how the 
Targaryen's won what they did and Stannis will punish them with any arms at his 
disposal. Davos says they don't need to burn Gendry if one drop of his blood killed 
Robb Stark. Melisandre says they are no closer to the throne and a great gift 
requires great sacrifice. Davos tries to humanize him by telling them Gendry's 
story and again noting that he is his nephew. Stannis says the boy must die. 
 
Davos goes to Gendry and helps him make a jailbreak in a rowboat and tells him to 
aim for a certain star and to keep the coast on the left side until he reaches King's 
Landing-- and to not drink seawater. Davos warns him not to fall out, since he can't 
swim. Gendry asks him why he's doing this and Davos says because it's right and 
he's a slow learner. 
 
Jon Snow arrives back at the Night's Watch, falling of his horse from the arrows. 
He's still alive. 
 
Jaime Lannister and Brienne arrive at King's Landing. He is not recognized by the 
peasents and thus pitied by her. He surprises Cersei in the castle as she looks 
through memorabilia. She is relieved when she sees him but is not approaching 
him as he looks shamefully at his stump. He tries to get in with her but she says 
he's to late. 
 
Davos confesses to letting Gendry escape. Melisandre says saving one innocent 
has doomed tens of thousands. He says there must be another way. Stannis can't 
see another way and sentences Davos to death. Davos says he's going to need him 
and show's him the note from the Night's Watch about the White Walkers. 
Melisandre reads the note and then burns it. She says this war of five of kings 
means nothing and the true war lies to the north and death marches towards them. 
Davos says Stannis will need him to raise an army. Melisandre actually agrees with 
him and saves him saying he has a part to play. Stannis mocks him and says Davos 
is part of the fire god's army now. 
 
Dany and the Unsullied, Ser Jorah and the gang wait for the slaves of Yunkai to 
emerge and join them. They do. Dany addresses them and tells them that they do 
not owe their freedom to her and if they want it they must take it or themselves. 
They choose it and call out to her calling her "Mhysa" which is Ghiscari for 



"mother." She instructs her dragons to fly. She wades out into the crowd chanting 
"mother." They gently touch her and then lift her up. She smiles at them as her 
dragons fly overhead. 

 

S4, Ep1 

Two Swords 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Two Swords" - April 6, 2014 
 
We open on a sword ensconced in a wolf's body. The sword is removed, boiled 
down and made into two separate swords at the behest of Tywin Lannister. It was 
Ned Stark's sword, made of Valyrian steel. Tywin throws the wolf on the fire and 
watches it burn. 
 
We move to King's Landing and Jaime receiving the larger of the two swords from 
Tywin. He will learn to fight with his left hand. They note they have always 
wanted one of these in the family for years and now they have two. Tywin doesn't 
want Jaime to serve in the King's Guard with one hand and wants him to return to 
Casterley Rock and rule in his stead, but Jaime insists that he still can and he 
doesn't want to break his vow to the King's Guard. Tywin gets annoyed at this but 
lets him go serve. He lets him keep the sword since a one-handed man with no 
family needs all the help he can get. 
 
Tyrion awaits the party of the Prince of Dorne who is arriving for the royal 
wedding. There is bad blood between the Lannisters and the Martells of Dorne and 
Tyrion is nervous. The party arrives and it is not the prince, it is lords from the 
houses of Dorne. They tell him the prince is unwell and he couldn't come and he 
sent his brother Prince Oberyn in his stead and that he arrived before dawn since 
he's not a man for welcome parties. They blow him off and head on to King's 
Landing. Tyrion says they need to find Oberyn who is famous for being a playboy 
so they head to the whorehouse. 
 
He is in fact there, choosing between several lovely whores. He's interested, 
however, in not just them but also the young pimp who is displaying them. The 
man says he is wildly expensive. Oberyn doesn't care. The young man and one of 
the women are in fact willing. Oberyn is with an exotic looking woman, his 
companion. They will all be having the sex together apparently. Until a man who is 
singing in another room interrupts Oberyn's train of thought. 
 
They go into the other room where two men are sitting with two whores, singing 
and drinking. The men are Lannisters. Oberyn threatens them, the Lannisters taunt 
him as a roughneck. Oberyn says Lannisters think their gold makes them better 
than everyone, but it doesn't. He then stabs one of the men in the hand. Tyrion 



enters at this point as the man writhes in pain. They scamper off to seek medical 
attention. 
 
Oberyn begins kissing his female companion, Ellaria Sand (Sand being the 
surname of noble-born bastards in Dorne the way Snow is in the North), in front of 
them as Tyrion tries to welcome them. Oberyn introduces him as the king's uncle 
imp. Tyrion asks for a word in private and they step outside. He asks why Oberyn 
came. He says the last time he was there he was with his sister who was married to 
a Targaryen, who then left her for another woman and that started a war right here 
and Tywin took the city and carved up his nephew, niece, and that the Gregor "The 
Mountain" Clegane raped and murdered his sister. He says to tell Tywin that the 
Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts. 
 
Dany sits by the water and watches her dragons play with each other in the air over 
the water. The third rests its head in her lap. They are getting much, much bigger 
and more dangerous and a little rebellious not always listening to Dany's directives. 
Ser Jorah is worried that they can never be tamed, not even by her. She goes to find 
Daario and Grey Worm, they are in some silly gambling match, basically it's a 
dumb staring contest. She walks past her enormous, growing army of the Unsullied 
and the slaves she's picked up along the way and tells them they won't ride by her 
but at the end by the livestock and the last man holding his sword will have to find 
a new queen. They stop their contest. 
 
Shae tries to make Sansa eat but she refuses. She is beyond depressed. Tyrion 
arrives and tries to get her to eat as well. He sends Shae away so he can talk to her. 
He says he can't let her starve and that he swore to protect her. He touches her hand 
but she pulls hers away. He says he wants to help her but she says she lies awake 
all night thinking about how Robb and her mother died at the Red Wedding. 
Tyrion says it was all a terrible crime and that he admired her mother even though 
she wanted to have him executed and said she was strong and fierce in protecting 
her children. He says Catelyn would want her to carry on and she knows it's true. 
She departs in sadness. 
 
Tyrion returns to his quarters to a waiting Shae who wants him to make love to her. 
He says she can't be there and it can be dangerous. She blows this off saying she 
wants him and wants him to want her. He notes that times are tense right now and 
he has no time for this. She tells him he needs to relax and sticks his hand under 
her dress. Shae gets mad and wonders if he loves Sansa. He notes Sansa despises 
him and he doesn't love her. She says he tried to ship her away and asks if he wants 
her to leave. He says he doesn't know what she's talking about. She asks him if he 
wants her to stay. He doesn't answer. She stalks out. A woman in the hallway 
overhears all of this. 
 
Jaime is fitted with a new gold hand. Cersei is mad he doesn't seem to be happy 



about it since she worked hard on getting the detailing right. She thanks the doctor 
for giving her some medicine that helped with some nebulous "symptoms" she had. 
The two talk and he notes she drinks more than she used to. She said he started a 
war and disappeared and her husband died and her daughter was shipped off and 
there was a siege and now her son is marrying a bitch and she has to marry a 
homosexual. She drinks more now. 
 
Jaime comes to sit by her and tries to put the moves on her and she says not now. 
He wonders when since he's been back for weeks. He asks if something's changed. 
She says everything's changed and he came back with no apology and one hand 
and expects everything to be the same. He said he didn't want to be taken prisoner 
and murdered people to get back to her. She says he took too long. The woman 
from the hallway comes to snitch on Tyrion and Shae. 
 
Ygritte and the Wildlings wait in a valley trying to figure out what to do since 
Mance Rayder told them to wait there. She's worried Mance is dead. She and 
Tormund argue about Jon Snow and he says she put three arrows in him and if he's 
still walking it's because Ygritte let him go. A group of men arrive. They are 
Thens, they have scarred faces, bald heads, and are large and scary. The lead one 
says Mance sent them. He notes that the meat tastes better on this side of the wall. 
He also notes he didn't see them coming and that they lost Jon Snow. They say 
they will answer to Mance but not to him. He asks if Ygritte belongs to Tormund, 
she pulls her arrow and notes she doesn't belong to anyone. He's excited about the 
"food" on this side of the wall. The Thens are cannibals. 
 
Back at Castle Black Sam chats with the returned Jon Snow, who is talking about 
how he was jealous of Robb his whole life since he was better than Jon at 
everything-- hunting, riding, girls. He says he wanted to hate him and never could. 
Sam says he wanted to hate Jon Snow too since he's better at everything than him 
too, except reading. Jon thinks they'll want to hang him. 
 
Jon Snow goes before the main men of the Wall and explains what happened while 
he was working as a double agent with the wildlings, including killing the 
Halfhand and sleeping with a wildling girl. One guy says he has to die since he 
slept with the enemy. The meister says they couldn't kill everyone that broke that 
vow or else there would be no one to guard the wall. Jon points out that while they 
sit there and debate, Mance is marching on the wall with an army of 100,000. They 
don't believe him but Jon tries to impress upon him how serious this coming attack 
is, coming from the South and North. The signal will be a great bonfire. Jon asks if 
they're going to execute him or if he's free to go. The older man notes that none of 
them are free, but they won't be taking his head today and he can leave. The acting 
commander is mad the Meister let Jon go but they let it stand. 
 
Oleanna is looking at necklaces for Margaery and her wedding. She dismisses all 



the beautiful baubles. She tells the ladies in waiting to go to the jewelers and find a 
better necklace. Margaery grouses about Joffrey and Oleanna tells her to be careful 
about that kind of talk. Brienne of Tarth arrives and tells Margaery about the 
shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon who killed Renly and Brienne says one 
day she will avenge him. Margaery is sweet to her. 
 
Jaime goes over the logistics for the wedding with the King's Guard leader. Joffrey 
can't be bothered with the details. He then blathers on about how all he's done for 
the city and taunts Jaime for getting captured. Joffrey leafs through a book called 
the "Book of Brothers" that tells the tales of all the great deeds they did. He notes 
Jaime's page is barely filled in. Jaime says there's still time. Joffrey is skeptical of 
the 40 year-old one- handed man. Jaime says he uses his left hand now and it 
makes more of a contest. 
 
Dany talks with her girl about their march to Mereen to take the city with her army 
of slaves. Daario arrives to talk to her about strategy. He shows her three flowers, 
all of which are native to Mereen. One is poisonous, one is used to make tea. He 
says if you want to lead a people you have to know them and their surroundings. 
He then makes a little bouquet with the flowers and gives it to her. Very cute. She 
notes that he is indeed a gambler and smiles despite herself. On the march they 
come across a crucified slave. Ser Jorah notes there will be one at every mile 
marker into Mereen and there are 163 miles to go. Barristan wants to bury them 
but Dany wants to see their faces first. 
 
Brienne and Jaime look out at Sansa from a distance and Brienne reminds him of 
his promise to Catelyn to keep the Stark children safe. He notes Arya is probably 
dead and now that Sansa is a Lannister she's safe here. Brienne isn't buying that. 
Jaime asks if she isn't a Lannister after all since they're all being a pain in his ass 
and she does have the hair for it. 
 
Sansa takes a walk alone and hears a noise. A man makes himself known. He is the 
drunk fool whose life she saved on Joffrey's name day. He offers her the only thing 
of value he owns, a necklace that belonged to his mother and her mother before 
her. She tries to refuse it but he forces her saying it will let his name have one more 
moment in the sun before it disappears from the world. She says she's she'll wear it 
with pride. 
 
Arya and the Hound come across a ransacked caravan that includes dead body. 
Arya complains of wanting a horse of her own since she wants away from his 
stench. He says she's the only thing he has of value and he won't watch it ride 
away. She wonders why he didn't steal anything from Joffrey before he left. He 
admits he's a murderer but not a thief and that a man has to have a code. 
 
She says she has nowhere to go and wouldn't ride away and she'd be dead without 



him. He says he plans to sell her to a known living relative, her aunt Lysa in Vail. 
They come across a structure and count five horses and five men and he feels like 
that's too many to kill on an empty stuck. Arya recognizes them as the men who 
took them to Haarenhall and killed her friend and stole her sword and notes he still 
has it. She goes ahead after him to get her sword and he's angry with her. But then 
the door opens and they enter. 
 
It's a tavern of sorts with a bunch of men, one of whom is hassling a young girl. 
They sit as everyone stares at them. The tavern owner begs them not to molest his 
daughter. The man who stoles Arya's sword recognizes the hound and tells the 
owner to pour him so ale. They catch up on the news and his brother the Mountain 
who the guy has been working with. The man eyes the girl and figures the Hound 
has been having fun. He looks at Arya and says he's had better. The man invites 
him to come along and rape and pillage along the way to King's Landing thanks to 
the fact that they're wearing the King's colors. The Hound colorfully says to hell 
with the King. The man realizes the tale of Joffrey's man turning tale and running 
from battle he didn't believe it but now he realizes it's true. The Hound asks to have 
some chickens. The guy says he'll trade their chickens for a go at Arya. The Hound 
drinks the man's ale and then reiterates his request for some chickens. A fight 
ensues and, predictably, the Hound defeats all comers. Less predictably Arya helps 
him, kills one guy and takes her sword back from the man who stole it and kills 
him too. She looks pretty happy about it as he spouts blood. They ride off eating 
chickens and Arya on her very own horse. 

 

S4, Ep2 

The Lion and the Rose 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Lion and the Rose' - April 13, 2014 
 
Ramsey Snow, Theon, and Ramsey's girlfriend hunt a young human girl with dogs. 
Her crime was that she thought she was pretty, which offended Ramsey's girl 
Miranda. She is shot with an arrow and the dogs bark viciously around her. 
Ramsey lets the dogs rip her apart. Theon watches with disgust. Miranda notes the 
girl is not very pretty now. 
 
Tyrion and Jaime eat, well Tyrion does. Jaime isn't hungry. Tyrion toasts the proud 
Lannister children: the dwarf, the cripple, and the mother of madness. Tyrion 
compliments Jaime's hand which he promptly uses to knock over a goblet of wine. 
Jaime worries he can't fight. Tyrion tells him he must train then. Jaime worries 
someone will discover. Tyrion says he has a discreet swordsman for him. Bronn 
meets him at a secluded spot by the water and they begin to train so Jaime can get 
his skills strong with his left hand. Bronn gets right to it and doesn't hold back. 
 



A group of men rides toward a castle. It's Roose Bolton returned home. Bolton 
asks after Theon and says he'll have a look at him. Bolton's man reminisces about 
cutting off Jaime's hand with Ramsey. 
 
Ramsey presents the severely shell-shocked Theon, who is now called Reek. (He 
flayed him and cut off his penis.) Bolton is annoyed his bastard son did these 
things with a bargaining chip. Ramsey said he already offered to trade him and 
Bailon Greyjoy refused. Ramsey said Bolton put him in charge. Bolton says he 
needed Theon. Ramsey says Theon was their enemy but Reek will never betray 
him. Bolton thinks he places much too much trust in Ramsey and Ramsey in 
Theon. 
 
Ramsey asks Theon to shave him with a straight razor. This makes Bolton nervous 
but Ramsey taunts him maliciously and Theon never moves to slit his throat. He is 
tamed. Theon explains that he didn't kill Bran and Rickon but two farm boys and 
he knows the Stark boys are out there. Ramsey thinks the country will rally to their 
side now that Robb Stark is gone. Theon is sad to hear the news of Robb but again 
the razor stays steady. Bolton tells his main man to go find Bran and Rickon. 
Theon tells them to check Castle Black and Jon Snow. Bolton says if he wants to 
prove himself he should go conquer a strategic moat for him. 
 
Varys tells Tyrion that Shae has been discovered and they have to get rid of her. 
He says he has friends across the sea who can help. Tyrion says she's been told it's 
dangerous so often she no longer believes it. 
 
There is a fancy rehearsal-type dinner where people present gifts to Joffrey 
including his future father-in-law. Cersei tells Tywin about Shae. Tywin says he 
will kill her. Tyrion catches the drift of this exchange. Tyrion gives Joffrey an 
important book. He seems unimpressed but Tywin shoots him a look and Joffrey 
thanks Tyrion. Tywin gives Joffrey the other Valyrian steel sword he had forged 
along with Jaime's. Joffrey promptly starts whacking the table with it, slicing 
Tyrion's book to pieces in the process. He tries to think of a name and reminisces 
about beheading Ned Stark much to Sansa's dismay. 
 
Shae comes to Tyrion and he brutally pushes her away, is mean to her so she'll 
want to leave. He says he needs to do right by Sansa. She says she is not afraid of 
Tywin and Cersei. He calls her a whore and is mean to her. He gives her money 
and tells her that across the Narrow Sea she'll have a house and servants. She cries 
and he has her taken out forcibly by Bronn who she slaps. He, understanding, takes 
the slap. 
 
Crazy Melisandre burns alive several people, one of whom is the brother of 
Stannis' wife, the queen. She thinks their souls have been claimed and seems very 
happy. Melisandre is hardcore. She's giving an offering to the Gods. Davos is 



worried that Stannis killed his brother-in-law. Stannis says he was an infidel who 
refused to tear down his false idols. Stannis threatens Davos for challenging him. 
Stannis, the queen, and Melisandre eat. The larders are almost empty. Times are 
getting rough. The queen reminisces about another time they were poor and ate 
grilled seagull. The queen worries about their "stubborn" and sinful daughter. 
Stannis says to not to strike her. The queen suggests that Melisandre speak to her. 
 
Melisandre goes to see the princess in her room. She says she heard the ceremony 
on the beach and is sad about her uncle and the screaming. The princess is not 
afraid of her. Melisandre says she was like the princess when she was young. They 
talk about the Gods. Melisandre says the books she's read of Gods are lies and that 
there are no seven gods, heavens, and hells. There are only two gods and one hell, 
the one they live in now. 
 
Bran wakes from a Warg-sleep. Jojen says it's dangerous to spend so much time in 
his direwolf's body. He says he knows it must be glorious to run, leap, hunt and be 
whole, but Bran could get trapped in his direwolf and forget what it is to be human 
and forget all his memories of Winterfell and himself. Meera says if they lose him 
they lose everything. They come upon a large tree with a face in it and red leaves 
like the one at Winterfell. He touches the bark and has flashes of visions: the three 
eyed raven, his dad, and hears a voice that says "look for me beneath the tree." He 
feels himself fall again out of the window. The voice says "North." He breaks 
contact and says "I know where we have to go." 
 
Margaery and Joffrey are wed. Sansa grouses to Tyrion, "We have a new queen." 
He points out, "Better her than you." 
 
Tywin and Olenna chat after the wedding. He grouses about how much the 
wedding cost. She points out she's paying her share. They chat about the cost of the 
war and the Iron Bank. She grabs his arm and says they should celebrate young 
love. 
 
The reception is in full swing with firebreathers and entertainment. Bronn assures 
Tyrion that Shae is gone and safe and tells him to go drink until it feels like he did 
the right thing. 
 
Musicians play for Joffrey. He throws money at them and chases them off. 
 
Margaery stands and says she and Joffrey have decided to give the wedding 
leftovers to the poor people of the city. Big cheers. 
 
Oberyn makes eyes at Loras Tyrell across the way. Loras bumps into Jaime who 
asks if he's looking forward to his wedding to Cersei. He says if he manages to 
marry Cersei she will murder him and any children they have in their sleep. But 



this will never happen because Loras will never marry Cersei. Loras points out that 
neither will Jaime. 
 
Brienne bows before the king and queen and wishes them good fortune and hopes 
his reign is long and peaceful. Cersei mocks her for bowing instead of curtsying. 
She approaches her and tells her she's a lady whether she likes it or not. She thanks 
Brienne for helping Jaime get back safe. Brienne points out that he saved her a few 
times as well. Cersei says she hasn't heard that story. Brienne says it's not such a 
fascinating story. Cersei narrows her eyes and sweetly says with dripping acid that 
it must be nice to flit from camp to camp-- Renley to Catelyn to Jaime- and serve. 
Brienne says she doesn't serve Jaime. But, says Cersei, "you love him." Brienne 
looks nervous and bows away. Cersei shoots a look at Jaime. It's clear she's jealous 
that any other woman has spent time with him no matter how platonic. 
 
Cersei goes and yells at Pycell and tells him to not give to the leftovers to the poor 
but to the kennels. Pycell tries to argue that it was the queen's wishes. Cersei 
asserts she is the queen and she is giving him an order. 
 
A man juggles for Margaery and Joffrey and he has people throw food at him. 
 
Cersei and Tywin chat up Oberyn Martell and Illaria. They have a very acidic back 
and forth with Cersei insulting Ilaria because she's a bastard-- which is more 
common and not as shameful in Dorne-- and Oberyn continually needling her by 
calling her the "former Queen Regent" and Lady Cersei and reminds her that her 
daughter was shipped off to Dorne. 
 
Joffrey stands up and complains a royal wedding isn't amusement , it's about 
history. Then he said he came up with a special treat. And a big lion's mouth opens 
and a bunch of dwarves pour out, dressed up like different members of the families 
who fought in the war-- Joffrey, Stannis, Renley, Balon, Robb Stark-- fighting 
comically to the death. Sansa has to watch her "brother" die as everyone laughs 
and shouts. It's all very horrible and humiliating. And of course "Joffrey" wins and 
then pretends to defile Robb's 'wolf" head. Tyrion calls Pod over and whispers to 
him to pay each dwarf 20 in gold when this is done and he'll have to find a way to 
thank the king later. 
 
The show ends and then Joffrey insultingly invites Tyrion to fight with the 
dwarves. Tyrion say he did his fighting in the war and he'd like to keep the rest of 
his face. He then ill-advisedly mocks Joffrey and says he should get in there with 
his new sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Joffrey decides 
to put him in his place by pouring his wine on Tyrion's head. He then tells him he 
wants Tyrion to be his "cup bearer." Tyrion calls it an honor. Joffrey says it's not 
meant as an honor. Tyrion comes to retrieve the cup and Joffrey drops and kicks it, 
embarrassing him in front of everyone. Sansa picks it up. Tyrion fills it with wine. 



Joffrey demands that Tyrion kneel. Tyrion refuses, and the two engage in a tense 
staring contest. Then Margaery distracts everyone and breaks the tension by noting 
the huge wedding pie has arrived. Joffrey whacks it with his sword and doves fly 
out, or at least the ones he didn't kill who are now bleeding into the pie. 
 
He and Margaery have pie and Joffrey notices Tyrion leaving to change out of his 
wet clothes. Joffrey says he's fine the way he is and tells him to give him his wine. 
Angrily, Tyrion picks up the goblet from the banquet table and hands it to his 
nephew. Joffrey drinks from it, and promptly -- well, not promptly enough -- dies. 
Horribly. He points out Tyrion with his last breath. Cersei loses her mind. Guards 
seize Tyrion. A man, the fool who was saved by Sansa, grabs Sansa's arm in the 
confusion and spirits her away, saying she has to leave now. 

 

S4, Ep3 

Breaker of Chains 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Breaker of Chains" - April 20, 2014 
 
We pick up right where we left off with Cersei screaming at the guards to seize 
Tyrion as ponders she leans over Joffrey's dead body. Sansa runs off with the Fool. 
Cersei asksTywin where she is. Tywin says to bar the gates and that no one leaves 
the capital. But the Fool already has a rowboat waiting and he rows her out to a 
ship shrouded in the mist. She climbs aboard and is greeted by Littlefinger, who 
promptly kills the Fool, takes the necklace that was supposedly from his 
grandmother options. from Sansa's neck and drops it on his dead body in the 
rowboat. He notes that money buys silence for a time but a bolt to the heart buys it 
forever. He tells her she is safe now, especially since her fleeing will make her 
look even more guilty. 
 
Margaery is worried that she's not really queen now. Olenna says since they didn't 
consummate it makes it complicated. Margaery recalls the horror of Joffrey's 
death. Olenna recalls looking at her dead husband's body. Margaery notes her first 
husband preferred the company of men and her second was a sadistic jerk and 
they're both dead so she must be cursed. Olenna says that her circumstances have 
improved markedly and that Margaery might not have enjoyed watching him die 
but it was better than it would've been living with him. She says she did wonderful 
work on Joffrey and the next one will be easier. 
 
Cersei and her second, younger son, Tommen, survey Joffrey's body lying in state. 
Now, this boy, will be king. Tywin asks extends Tommen what is the most 
important quality a king should have. Tommen tries holiness, justice, and strength 
and Tywin shoots them all down for various, good reasons. When he gets to 
wisdom, Tywin says he's hit upon the key. He clearly likes the boy. Even Cersei 



seems impressed by him. 
 
Tywin points out it is the wise king who knows what he knows and what he doesn't 
and he heeds his councilours until he comes of age. He says Joffrey was not a wise 
or good king or else he'd still be alive. Tywin asks him if he knows about needing 
to be married and furthering the line. They walk out talking birds and bees. 
 
Jaime enters and tells Tommen he will make sure he's okay. Jaime asks the guards 
and priests to give Cersei time alone with her son. Jaime approaches her, and him. 
She says it was Tyrion, he told her he would hurt her one day. Jaime says there will 
be a trial. She doesn't want a trial she wants Jaime to avenge their son and kill 
Tyrion before he can squirm to freedom. She breaks down into tears. He kisses and 
holds her. And then it takes a turn to sexual. And at first she seems to resist and 
pulls away. Then he calls her hateful and grabs her and forces himself on her and 
she's definitely resisting and then she seems into it and then she doesn't and it's all 
very weird and rapey right next to the body of their dead son. 
 
Arya and the Hound are still making their way to the Eerie. Arya's worried they're 
going the wrong way. He says he's in a hurry to sell her and be on his way. She 
wonders where. He says across the Narrow Sea to work as a sellsword. A man and 
his young daughter notice them watering their horses and say it's their land. Arya 
says to forgive her "father" and tells a sob story of her mother dying and her father 
was never the same. They say he fought for the Tullys of RiverRun. This is the 
right answer. The man offers his barn as a shelter and says his young daughter 
makes great rabbit stew. They eat. The man tries to convince the Hound to stay on 
until the new moon and work for cash and guard them from thieves. He offers 
them fair wages for fair work. He accepts but then instead the Hound robs him and 
they take off. Arya is mad. The Hound says since the man is weak, they'll both be 
dead come winter and that dead men don't need silver. Arya is still upset and the 
Hound says he simply understands how the game is played. He wonders how many 
Starks have to be beheaded before she figures it out. 
 
Back at Castle Black, Sam sits with Gilly. Other Crows are mocking him for 
saying he killed a White Walker since Gilly is the only one who saw it and she's 
just a wildling. His thoughts then turn to the idea of 100 men laying awake at night 
thinking about the one woman in their midst. She says no one is bothering her 
beyond looks and jokes and no one is touching her. She asks if he thinks about her 
at night. He ignores this and says says he worries about her. She thanks him. He 
says he doesn't know if she's safe since some of the Crows were thieves and rapers 
before they came here. He says maybe she'd be safer in town. She worries that he's 
bored of her. He is not, he wants to protect her. It makes her sad that he wants to 
send her away. 
 
Davos goes to see Stannis who has him read a scroll with the news of Joffrey's 



death. Stannis is mad that he foretold this with his mumbo jumbo spell but then 
Davos let the Robert Baratheon's bastard get away and he's now powerless to seize 
the opportunity of Joffrey's death. Stannis asks after army Davos is supposed to be 
building and Davos hasn't raised much of one. He lists the few groups he's enlisted 
and Stannis says that's not enough men to raid a pantry. Davos talks about hiring 
sellswords. Stannis against this but wants to get moving. He doesn't want to be a 
page in someone else's history book. 
 
Davos goes to visit the Princess and get his literacy lesson, to keep him from 
saying ka-nigget instead of knight when he reads out loud. She tells him not to 
move his lips as he looks at the book. It's an adventure book olive branch. which 
gets them to talking about pirates. She says she thought he was a pirate. He says he 
was never a pirate, but a smuggler and if you're a famous smuggler you're not 
doing it right. As he's talking with her about distinctions like that he has an 
epiphany and gives her a kiss on the forehead and asks her to write a message to 
the officers of the Iron Bank from Stannis the one true king of Westeros. He 
clearly has a plan. 
 
Sam takes Gilly and the baby to a nearby town. A gross woman approaches her 
and the baby and realizes she's a wildling and mocks and threatens her. Sam tells 
the tavern/whorehouse owner that Gilly can clean and cook and look after other's 
babies in exchange for room and board. The madame/owner offers "other" work 
and a piece of said work to Sam and he says no, no whoring for Gilly. The place is 
awful, dirty, broken down and subsequently she understandably does not like it. He 
says she'll be safer here. She says he protected her north of the wall. He says he 
can't stab his brother Crows in the back like he did the White Walker or run away 
like they did from Craster. She says this is what's best for him. He's sad that she's 
sad but he leaves. 
 
We close in on an orgy, several women are working on Illaria and each other an 
she turns to kiss Oberyn and his young boy, who never acquired the taste for 
women. The boy and Oberyn talk about bisexuality. Oberyn says everybody is 
missing half the world's pleasures and when it comes to war he fights for Dorne 
and when it comes to love he doesn't choose sides. They talk about sex some more 
and Illaria notes that as a Prince of Dorne men and women will be lining up to 
sleep with Oberyn until he is dead. He says they will all have to lineup behind her. 
Tywin interrupts the orgy and asks for the room. The two girls and boy leave. 
 
Oberyn cheekily offers him a seat on the the bed to him.. Tywin declines. Oberyn 
offers his condolences on Joffrey. Tywin heard Oberyn studied poisons and was 
seen talking to Tyrion. Suspicious, no? He asks what Tyrion and Oberyn discussed 
and he said his dead sister, whose death was Tywin's call he thinks since he gave 
the Mountain an order. Tywin notes that he is here now, unarmed and unguarded. 
Oberyn says he knows better than to attack him here, now, like this. Oberyn would 



like to speak to the Mountain. Tywin says he could arrange it. But, quid pro quo. 
He wants Oberyn to be the third judge in Tyrion's trial alongside himself and Mace 
Tyrell. He notes when the Tyrell's joined up with the Lannisters, Margaery got to 
be queen. Tywin then invites on to the small council to serve as the new king's 
advisor. Oberyn says he never knew Tywin had such respect for Dorne. Tywin lays 
it all out saying that Stannis brewing rebellion, the Greyjoys are mad, and Dany's 
got three dragons and is on the way and that only the Dornish resisted the dragons 
in the past. Oberyn notes it must be hard for Tywin to say he needs him. Tywin 
says they need each other ad that if he helps him serve justice to king's assassins, 
he'll help him serve justice to his sister's murderer. 
 
Podrick goes to visit Tyrion in his jail cell and informs him that he will stand trial 
in a fortnight for murdering Joffrey. Pod doesn't think he did it. Tyrion says if he 
didn't plan to murder the king, he wouldn't standing there gawking when the king 
died. He asks about the judges and Pod tells him Tywin, MaceTyrell, and Prince 
Oberyn. Tyrion gives Tywin credit for taking advantage of a family tragedy and 
enlisting Oberyn. He says he'll call Sansa as a witness. Pod says she's gone and 
wonders if Sansa did it. Tyrion says no one had more cause than Sansa but she's no 
assassin and whoever did it wanted Tyrion to take the fall. He theorizes that maybe 
it was Tywin since Tommen is easier to handle. He says the only thing he knows 
for certain is it was not Cersei, which makes it unique among King's Landing 
murders. Pod says he's not allowed to see Bron, and the authorities are 
investigating him. Tyrion asks to see Jaime. As he's leaving Pod, shamefacedly, 
confesses that a man came to him and said if he testified against Tyrion he would 
be made a Ser. Pod says he won't do it. Tyrion gets mad at him and notes that this 
man wasn't giving Pod a "choice" and that he doesn't want him to die on his behalf. 
Tyrion says he's giving him an order and to get out of King's Landing before it's 
too late and this is farewell. He tells Pod that there has never lived a more loyal 
squire. 
 
The wildlings are on the move. They overrun a small village indiscriminately 
killing people. A Thenn grabs a boy and asks if he knows how to get to Castle 
Black. He says yes. The Thenn forces the boy watch them kills his parents and 
notes that he's going to eat them and to go tell the Crows at Castle Black that 
they're on the way. 
 
He does. The Crows want to go after them. The Commander says the wildlings 
want to draw them out and pick them off a few at a time. The wise old man notes 
that they only have 100 men, including stewards and cooks and even him and they 
can't lose a single man. He says they have to remember their first responsibility: to 
keep watch over the wall. They ask Jon Snow what he thinks. He thinks the 
Wildlings will roll over everyone and everything for a 1000 miles before they 
reach an army that can take them. 
 



Just then the rangers return and report that the Wildlings have overtaken Craster. 
Jon Snow freaks. He tells them that he told Mance Rayder there were a 1000 men 
at Castle Black. The people at Craster's know that's not true and will give up how 
many there really are under torture so Mance will soon know. He notes that Mance 
has all he needs to crush them he just doesn't know it yet and when he does he'll 
throw his full strength at the Crows. 
 
Dany finally reaches Mereen. The doors to their city wall open. A single rider rides 
out and she is expected to send her own champion to fight him. The man 
dismounts and yells over to her and then pisses in her general direction trash 
talking her "army of men without men parts." Grey Worm volunteers to be her 
champion. She says he's her leader and needs him. And then Ser Jorah volunteers 
and she turns him down as her best friend and most trusted adviser. Then Daario 
offers and she lets him give it a go and she tells him to give this large audience a 
show as the entire city of Mereen appears perched on the city walls, watching and 
taunting them. 
 
Daario refuses a horse as the other man mounts up. He rides towards Daario who 
turns to wink at Khaleesi. He continues to ride, everybody gets nervous. Daario 
throws his sword at the horse. It falls the man falls off and Daario neatly slices his 
throat, easy peasy. The Mereenians shoot arrows just short of him. Daario pulls out 
his penis and pisses in their general direction. 
 
Khaleesi addresses the Mereenians and tells them her story of freeing slaves on her 
journey. The slaves are listening and the masters are looking nervous. Dany's army 
lines up cannons and she calls for them to fire. But they don't shoot ammo: they 
shoot loads of shackles. As they fall to the ground the slaves look at the unbound 
shackles-- just like the kind they're wearing-- and the seeds of a revolution are 
sown. 

 

S4, Ep4 

Oathkeeper 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Oathkeeper" - April 27, 2014 
 
Dany's right hand woman Missandei is teaching Grey Worm to read the Common 
Tongue (English), he's reading in a halting voice and she's helping his with words 
and tenses. She's telling him about when she was captured by slavers when she was 
five years old. She remembers seeing her village burning. He doesn't remember his 
home before slavery. He's from the Summer Isles, he doesn't want to return. Dany 
and Barristan arrive and tell him "it's time." 
 
Grey Worm and a group of men approach the walls of Mereen by water. They pry 



open the gates and infiltrate the tunnels underneath. We switch to a group of slaves 
in the tunnels. One is trying to convince the others to revolt. They are skeptical and 
think they will be killed. Grey Worm arrives and says "All men must die" but that 
one day of freedom is better than a life in chains. The slaves say they are not 
soldiers and have no weapons. The Unsullied drop bags of weapons and Grey 
Worm says there are three slaves for every master and no one can give them their 
freedom, they must take it. So they do. 
 
After the masters have been captured and/or killed, Dany enters into the city to the 
cheers of the freed slaves. Dany asks to be reminded how many children the 
masters of Mereen killed on the road to the city. Ser Jorah says 163. She prepares 
to kill as many masters. Barristan says she has control of the city and sometimes 
it's better to answer injustice with mercy. She says she will answer injustice with 
justice. The masters are crucified. Dany stands on the Mereen tower, the Targaryen 
flag flying behind her. 
 
Bronn and Jaime continue their training by the seaside. Jaime is doing well and 
then Bronn grabs his hand and smacks him in the face with it to make a point. 
Jaime asks if he thinks Tyrion did it. Bronn says Tyrion hated Joffrey for sure, but 
everyone did, and poison and murder aren't Tyrion's style. Bronn says he should go 
see him and ask him himself. Bronn wonders if Jaime is going to fight for Tyrion. 
 
Jaime goes to see his brother in jail. He apologizes for not coming sooner. Tyrion 
asks how Cersei is. He says "How do you think, her son died in her arms?" "Her 
son," Tyrion asks pointedly. Jaime tells him not to start. Tyrion asks him if Cersei 
asked him to kill him. She did. Tyrion wonders if he should turn around. Jaime 
says he first has to ask if he did it. Tyrion can't believe he's asking if he killed his 
brother's son. Jaime can't believe he's asking if he's going to kill his brother. Tyrion 
knows Cersei wants his head on a spike. Jaime adds she wants Sansa's too. Tyrion 
says Sansa's not a killer. Not yet anyway. 
 
We cut to Sansa on Littlefinger's ship. She asks where he's taking her. He says he's 
marrying her Aunt Lysa in the Eyrie and she'll be safe there. She asks if he killed 
Joffrey. He feigns innocence and says he's been in the Vale for weeks. She says he 
must've had help and deduces it was neither the Fool nor Tyrion. He says the 
necklace the Fool gave her had a missing stone after the feast, it had the poison in 
it. She says the Lannister's were good to him. He says the man with no motive is a 
man no one suspects. She doesn't believe him, saying it's too much of a risk and his 
head will be on a spike. He says too few men risk everything for what they want, 
like he does. She asks what he wants, he says everything. He says his Lannister 
friendship was good but Joffrey was an unreliable friend. She wonders who would 
want to be friends with him. He says he has new friends and they wanted Joffrey 
dead and killing him strengthened their friendship. 
 



Tellingly we cut to Olenna and Margaery. Olenna is leaving, she's not interested in 
the trial. It turns out Margaery has a new match to connect with: Tommen. Olenna 
says if she gives him a little taste-- like she did to a man intended for her sister 
long ago who ended up marrying her instead because of the hot action she gave 
him-- that she will get what she wants.Olenna says she was good but that Margaery 
is even better. She tells her she needs to act quickly while Cersei is distracted by 
trying to kill her brother for killing Joffrey even though he didn't. Margaery asks 
how she knows. Olenna says she knows and tells Margaery "You don't think I'd let 
you marry that beast do you?" She tells her not to worry and get to work on 
Tommen. 
 
Jon Snow spars with the Crows to prepare them for the Wildling battle to come. He 
tells a little boy to just hang back and wait but he wants to fight. Jon has the men 
fight each other to prep.Roose Bolton's right hand man, Locke, is in the house-- 
undercover spying for Bolton-- and he does away with his sparring partner quickly. 
The Acting Commander comes down and reminds Jon he's a steward and not a 
trainer. He tells him to go find a chamber pot to empty and calls him a traitorous 
bastard and the old man Maester isn't there to protect him. He orders the others 
back to work. 
 
The AC's right hand man says Snow is liked and he is not. The AC doesn't care 
about being liked. The right hand man says there will be a "choosing" soon thanks 
to the Maester and the AC might not be chosen since he isn't well-liked. He says 
they should let Jon Snow and others march on Craster's Keep and let the mutineers 
take care of Snow or he might be taking orders from him for the rest of his life. 
 
Bolton's man Locke says he took Jon Snow for high born. Snow says he fights well 
and Locke says he came out of a sense of duty and then confesses he stole in order 
to feed his kids and chose the Wall over losing his hand figuring he wouldn't have 
to answer to any high borns here. He looks at AC and realizes he was wrong. 
 
Cersei calls Jaime and asks how many guards are standing guard on Tommen. 
She's mad it's just one. Jaime says he will keep their son safe. She asks why 
Catelyn set him free. He says he was set free because he said he would send her 
daughters back to her. She says he made a vow but now Catelyn is dead and if she 
told him to leave and find Sansa that murderous little bitch and bring her her head 
would he do it? He says nothing. She says she knows he saw Tyrion, that creature 
who murdered their son. Jaime says Tyrion didn't do it. She is mad that he's taking 
Tyrion's side. She says she wants four men at Tommen's door day and night and 
dismisses him curtly. 
 
Tommen lies awake in bed tossing and turning. Margaery Tyrell enters. He's 
surprised and says Cersei doesn't allow visitors. She says she's not a visitor but his 
intended bride. She said before they decide to spend their lives together they ought 



to get to know each other, doesn't he think? He agrees but worries about his 
mother. She says it can be their secret and if they're married they'll have several 
secrets. Sir Pounce, Tommen's cat jumps on his bed. Tommen says Joffrey 
threatened to kill him and feed him to Tommen. Margaery says that's cruel and she 
doesn't think Tommen is cruel. Tommen agrees he's not. She asks if she can come 
and visit again. He agrees. She leans in close and says "our little secret" and kisses 
his forehead. 
 
Jaime hangs with Brienne and gives her several gifts. One is his Valyrian steel 
sword. He says he swore an oath to return the Stark daughters to Catelyn and 
although Arya is probably dead she can find Sansa and get her to safety. He offers 
her a suit an armor. She says she'll find Sansa for Lady Catelyn and for him. He 
says he has one more gift and he gives her Podrick. She doesn't want him but he 
promises to serve her well and Jaime notes he's in danger so it's better if she takes 
him and he will serve her well. Bronn gives Pod Tyrion's axe from the Battle of 
Blackwater. Jaime asks Brienne what she will name her sword. She calls it 
"Oathkeeper." He says goodbye. She nods. She and Pod ride off, she turns back to 
look at Jaime once more. 
 
Sam is worried that Gilly is no safer out in Mole's Town than she is at Castle 
Black. He wants to bring her back. Jon Snow says they can't leave. Sam says he 
tried to convince Bran to come back with him. Jon wonders how Bran and the 
others could've gotten beyond the Wall and worries that the Wildlings could've 
gotten to him. They wonder about Craster's Keep. Locke summons Jon Snow to 
see the AC. 
 
The AC tells him he can go to Craster's Keep but he's not sending anyone with 
him, volunteers only. Jon thanks him and then asks for volunteers among the men 
eating dinner. He says he's going to kill or capture the mutineers and their survival 
may depend on getting to them before Mance Rayder gets to them and learns what 
they know about Castle Black. He gives a rousing speech and says they need to get 
justice for Jeor Mormont, the original Lord Commander. He asks who will join 
him and men begin to stand, including Locke. He says he can't take Locke since 
he's a recruit. The A.C. okays it. 
 
At Craster's the mutineers drink and rape Craster's daughters, and Karl drinks wine 
out of Jeor Mormont's skull. The main mutineer Karl tells another to go out and 
feed Jon's direwolf. The other says they should kill it. The two men trade coarse 
insults. Karl harangues the second guy, bragging about what a legendary killer he 
was in Gin Alley. 
 
A woman enters with a baby. She says it's Craster's last child, a boy. Karl wonders 
if Craster killed them and prepares to do that. She says Craster didn't kill them, he 
offered them as a gift to the gods. The women start murmuring "Gift to the gods!" 



over and over. He thinks that means the White Walkers. He hands the other 
mutineer to whom he was bullying the baby and tells him to go leave the baby for 
the White Walkers. The man takes the baby into the woods and leaves him in the 
snow. The baby cries. 
 
The man trudges back and is supposed to feed and water Jon Snow's caged 
direwolf along the way. Instead he pours the water into a pool in front of his cage 
tauntingly. A cold wind blows, creatures make noise, the water turns to ice and a 
man turns tail and runs. 
 
Hodor wakes with a start, "Hodor?" He and Bran, JoJen, and Meera are sleeping 
around a fire. They hear the baby crying. Bran goes into his direwolf Warg-style to 
investigate. The direwolf finds his brother's wolf, Ghost, before falling into a trap. 
Bran awakens not knowing where the direwolf is being held exactly. 
 
The next morning they peep Craster's Keep. They see the mutinous Crows and 
Meera realizes they're not safe and says they need to go. But just as they're about to 
investigate they're apprehended by the mutineers. They tie up and torture Hodor. 
They bring the kids to Karl. He can see Bran is highborn and asks who he is. Bran 
says nothing and he slaps him. He touches Meera's hair and asks why she dragged 
a crippled boy all the way up here. She says nothing. Karl says a high born hostage 
is valuable but three of them is a lot of mouths to feed. When JoJen has a fit, 
seizing and foaming at the mouth Meera wants to help him but the mutineer puts a 
knife to her throat. Bran says "I'm Brandon Stark of Winterfell." The mutineer lets 
Meera go, and she helps Jojen. Karl quips "and I thought this was going to be 
another boring day." 
 
The White Walker, on a horse, has retrieved the baby. He rides to some kind of 
crystal outcropping and lays the baby at its center on a block of ice. The baby cries. 
Another White Walker approaches and picks up the baby. He touches the baby's 
face with his gross long, pointy nail and turns his eyes demon blue, making him a 
White Walker. 

 

S4, Ep5 

First of His Name 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "First of His Name" - May 4, 2014 
 
We open on the crowning of Tommen Baratheon in the hall of the Throne. 
 
He gets crowned and receives cheers of "Long may he rein" and nice applause. He 
smiles sweetly at Margaery. Then there is a big party and various people come to 
bow to him including Varys and Maester Pycelle. Throughout he smiles at 



Margaery. Cersei takes note of this. 
 
She approaches Margaery who says Tommen sits on the throne like he was born to 
it. Cersei notes they both knows he wasn't. Cersei asks if she still mourns Joffrey, 
and Margaery says she does since he was her husband and her king. Cersei says he 
would've been her nightmare. Cersei says she loved him but the things he did 
shocked her and she is not easily shocked. Cersei says Tommen is a good and 
decent boy and will likely be the best king of the last 50 years. Cersei says he will 
need help if he's going to rule well. Margaery says he has Cersei. Cersei says a 
mother is not enough. She asks Margaery still wants to be queen. Margaery lies 
and says she hasn't even thought about it with all that's happened but that it would 
be a great honor but she'll need to speak to her father. Cersei says she'll speak to 
hers as well. Margaery says they may be faced with an alarming number of 
weddings soon and when that happens she won't know what to call her, sister? 
Mother? Cersei doesn't care for that last bit. 
 
Barristan and Jorah inform Dany that Joffrey is dead, and that Daario has taken 
their navy. Dany says he wasn't instructed to do that. Daario says he heard she 
liked ships. They've got 93 ships. That might be enough to capture King's Landing 
but not enough to win all of Westeros. 
 
They also tell her that in Yunkai, masters have re-established control re-taken those 
slaves who didn't leave and in Astapol a man has declared himself "His Imperial 
Majesty." She dismisses everyone but Jorah. 
 
She says her liberation of slaves isn't going quite as planned. He says she could sail 
to King's Landing and take it, put all of this behind her and that the man who 
serves is one many think is a bastard who doesn't deserve the throne. She wonders 
how she can rule 7 kingdoms if she can't control Slaver's Bay. How can anyone 
trust or follow her? He says she's a Targaryen and the mother of dragons. She says 
it's not enough. She won't let those she's freed slide back into chains and won't sail 
for Westeros. He wonders what she'll do. She says she will do what Queens do: she 
will rule. 
 
Sansa and Littlefinger walk towards the Eyrie. He tells her to cover her head since 
her hair might give her away. It's a tough path and Littlefinger explains how these 
mountains have provided good cover for 1,000 years. They arrive at the "Bloody 
Gate." He announces himself as Lord Petyr Baelish and "his niece Elaine." 
 
The gate opens. They arrive and meet Lysa in her throne room. Her young son 
Robin is also there, both being creepy. Littlefinger gives him a gift of a small 
crystal bird and the little boy seems to love him. Lysa recognizes Sansa and 
welcomes her with a big hug. She calls her Aunt Lysa and Lysa says she mustn't 
call her that in front of anyone since the Lannisters can't find out that she's there, 



noting the've been trying to destroy them all for years and now they've gotten a 
little taste of their own medicine, like the poison they gave her husband. Young 
Robin talks about the time he wanted to kill Tyrion and throw him to his death and 
throws his new gift through the moon window. Lysa says she's sorry Sansa had to 
marry "that filthy troll." Sansa confirms that Tyrion didn't force himself on her. 
Lysa tells Robin also not to call Sansa by her name in front of anyone but herself 
and Littlefinger and tells him to take her to room. 
 
Once they're gone, Lysa attacks Littlefinger with a sloppy kiss. She wants to get 
married tonight. He wants to wait for a more proper time. She says they had their 
wedding night many years ago and asks if he remembers. He says it was like 
yesterday. Apparently, he was the one who told her to poison her husband and 
starts talking about that plot. He silences her with a kiss before she can blab more. 
He says the deed is done and fading into nothing and only speaking of it makes it 
real.. He says okay to getting married tonight. She brings in the person to preside 
over the marriage and says she's going to scream so loud when they make love 
they'll hear her across the Narrow Sea. She wasn't kidding as we see Sansa suffer 
through listening to the screams. 
 
Cersei and Tywin agree that Tommen and Margaery must wait until it seems 
"decent" to marry. They agree on a fortnight. Her marriage to Loras will follow 
soon after. Tywin says marriages are for alliances not trust and that they need the 
Tyrells on their side to get out of the "tremendous amount" of debt they are in to 
the Iron Bank since their gold mines have run dry. They move on briefly to the trial 
and how she's building a case against Tyrion and how he can't talk about it. She 
asks what Tyrion deserves for lighting their future on fire. (Although she and 
Tywin both know it was probably for the best.) 
 
Arya lies by the fire chanting the names of the people she is going to avenge for 
her family. The Hound asks her to shut up. She says she can't sleep until she says 
the names. The Hound's brother the Mountain is on her list and he says if they 
come across his brother they can both cross a name off their list. He tells her to 
finish her chant. She says there is only one more name: The Hound. 
 
Lysa and Sansa eat and talk about Catelyn, who had a sweet tooth. Lysa notes how 
much interest Littlefinger has in Sansa and how he seems to feel responsible for 
her. The pleasant conversation takes a tense turn as Lysa gets angry and asks Sansa 
why she thinks Littlefinger feels this way. Sansa says because he cared about her 
family. Lysa says she means her sister Catelyn and gets angrier, squeezing Sansa's 
hands and says she knows Littlefinger loved her and asks if Sansa has had sex with 
him like he did with the whores in his brothels. Sansa insists she's a virgin and 
points out that Littlefinger has called her a silly girl and a bad liar and she swears 
she's a virgin. Lysa gets calm again and tells her not to worry soon the Lannisters 
will execute Tyrion and Sansa can marry Robin and become the lady of Vail. 



 
Brienne is annoyed with Pod who can't seem to control his horse. There wasn't 
much call for riding with Tyrion he says. Brienne says perhaps she should've 
stayed with him. Brienne says it's going to be weeks to get to the Wall. She says he 
can go. He says he swore an oath. She says she's releasing him. He says he knows. 
What do you think will happen if you leave, she asks. He says, they'll say he wasn't 
a very good squire. 
 
The Hound awakes and Arya is gone. He panics at first but finds her practicing her 
swordfighting. He's annoyed. He says what she's doing isn't fighting. She says it's 
not fighting it's dancing and she learned from the best teacher in the world, who 
was killed by a guy that the Hound has no respect for. She says he was 
outnumbered an unarmed. He tells her to give it her best shot. She attacks him and 
his armor stops her. He smacks her down and notes that her teacher is dead and his 
killer is alive because his killer had armor and a big sword. 
 
Cersei goes to see Oberyn Martell. He's writing a poem. She offers to show him the 
gardens. They walk. He's writing a poem for his 8 daughters. They talk about his 
sister and he says at first he gets sad and then gets angry when he thinks of her and 
how she was killed. She says it's ironic that they're so powerful but he couldn't save 
his sister and she couldn't save her son and she wonders what good is power. He 
says they can avenge them. He notes that she believes Tyrion murdered her son. 
She says he knows he did. He says they'll have a trial and they'll know the truth. 
They talk about her daughter. He says she's well. Cersei says she wants to believe 
she's happy. Oberyn says she is since they don't hurt little girls in Dorne. She says 
they hurt little girls everywhere. She asks him to bring her a gift, a ship she had 
made for her and to tell her her mother misses her very much. He says he will do 
both. 
 
Pod tries to cook a rabbit unsuccessfully. He didn't even skin it. Brienne is 
incredulous. He's never cooked anything. There were cooks, he points out. He tries 
to help her with her armor and she shoos him off. She asks what he did for Tyrion. 
He says he brought his meals, kept his clothes and linen clean, carried messages, 
and mostly poured wine. She asks if he did anything related to combat. Pod tells of 
when he killed a man in the King's Guard to protect Tyrion in the Battle of 
Blackwater. She seems impressed. Struggling with the armor she finally asks for 
help. 
 
Roose Bolton's main man acts as Jon Snow's scout at Craster's Keep. 
 
In a nearby hut JoJen sees the special tree in his mind and says it's waiting for Bran 
and they have to find it and that this isn't the end and that Bran has to make it and 
not let anything slow him down. Meera asks how will they know it's the end. 
JoJen, his hand aflame in his mind, says they'll know. 



 
Roose's man returns to Snow and the others and says there are 11 men, most 
already drunk and they'll carve 'em up like walnut pie. He notes there's a hut with 
hounds chained up and they should steer clear, throwing them off the path of 
Bran.Jon says they'll move at sundown. 
 
At the Keep, Kurt goes and grabs Meera in preparation, apparently to rape her. 
Bran begs them to leave her alone. They stand her up, tie her hands to the ceiling 
and bind her feet. He asks what a pretty little high born girl like her is doing out in 
the woods. He touches her hair and breathes vulgarity in her face. JoJen says to 
him if he lets his sister go he'll help Kurt. He says he has the sight and can see 
things that haven't happened yet. Kurt says that's a fine thing and wonders if he's 
seen what he and his men are going to do to his sister. He tells him not to close his 
eyes and turns back to Meera. He tells Kurt he saw his body burn and Snow fall 
and bury his bones. 
 
At that moment The Night's Watch arrives with a howl and a fight ensues. Our evil 
buddy breaks off and undoes Bran who starts calling out to Jon. He says if Bran 
yells again he'll slit Hodor's throat. He hoists him up over his shoulder. Bran gets 
the sight, goes in Hodor's body and and forces him to break free and kill Roose's 
man. He tells him to go free Meera and JoJen and crawls toward the battle. 
 
Jon Snow is making mincemeat of the others. JoJen tells him not to call him 
because he'll take him back to Castle Black for protection and he needs to get to 
the tree. Bran reluctantly agrees they need to go. 
 
Jon confronts Kurt, the last man standing. They tussle and Kurt gets the upperhand. 
One of Craster's women saves Jon by attacking Kurt from behind. When he turns 
on her, Jon shoves his sword through Kurt's head. 
 
The Crows lost four men and have 10 dead mutineers. They wonder where Rast is. 
Rast has run. Run right into the jaws of Ghost, Jon's direwolf whom he taunted. 
Ghost returns to Jon. They collect up the women and ask them to come to Castle 
Black and they'll find them work and keep them safe. They say they'll find their 
own way. Jon wonders if they'll stay here. One woman spits and tells them to burn 
it to the ground and all the dead with it. So they do and stand and watch it burn. 

 

S4, Ep6 

The Laws of Gods and Men 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Laws of God and Man" - May 11, 2014 
 
We open on a ship with red sails on the water. Upon it are Stannis Baratheon and 



Ser Davos. They sail under an enormous statue of a soldier into Bravos. 
 
They then cool their heels all day in an anteroom. Davos says Easterners have a 
different sense of time. Stannis is unhappy. The doors to the room finally open and 
three men enter and sit in large chairs at a table. This is the Iron Bank. They are 
instructed to sit on stone benches in front of the table. Stannis sits. They establish 
that Tommen is King. Stannis says Tommen is a bastard. The man from the Iron 
Bank says Tywin disagrees. Stannis thinks his real Baratheon blood trumps 
Tommen's and therefore deserves the money in the Iron Bank. The banker says it's 
a matter of interpretation. They ask how many men they have: 4,000. Ships? 32. 
Nothing in a way of farming. The banker says these numbers don't add up to a 
happy ending and declines his request for cash but thanks him for the honor of his 
visit. 
 
Davos tries to appeal to the banker who calls him a thief. Davos says technically 
he's not a thief, that it was the pirates who thieved and he just moved stuff around. 
But more pertinently he shows his hand and how Stannis chopped his fingers off. 
He says Stannis is a good man. He asks who has the real power in King's Landing. 
The banker says Tywin. Davos runs down the bad news of the Lannistesr: Tywin, 
Cersei, Tommen, Jaime. The banker says this is a problem for another time. Davos 
says the time is now, Stannis is the only leader and doesn't just talk about paying 
people back, he does it and shows his hand again. 
 
Davos goes to see his old friend the pirate and shows him a whole lot of coin and 
tells him they sail at dawn. 
 
Theon's sister reads Thara reads Ramsay Snow's letter about what he's done to 
Theon to a group of soldiers on a ship. She says what they did to Theon they've 
done to all Iron Born and they must avenge him. They attack Bolton's castle from 
the water disabling the guards on the wall. She is taken to Theon who is kept in a 
stall in the kennels with the dogs. He shrinks from her in fear..She says they're 
going home and tries to calm him. He says his name is Reek. He thinks it's a trick 
and fights her. They begin to drag him away and Ramsay, coverered in bloody cuts 
arrives with his own maen and a battle between the sides ensues as the dogs bark. 
Ramsay notes Thara's got bigger balls than Theon does but then Ramsay unleashes 
the dogs. Thara and her men run to the boats. She declares her brother is dead. 
 
The next day Ramsay says he has a treat for Theon for not letting his sister take 
him and remaining loyal. He offers him a bath. Ramsay tells him to take off his 
clothes. Ramsay admires his handiwork, Theon's body covered with scars, his 
missing penis. Theon gets in the bath and looks for some kind of trick in the water. 
Ramsay washes him. He asks Theon (Reek) if he loves him. He says he does. He 
says he needs him to do something very important, help in taking a castle back 
from some bad men. He asks him to pretend to be someone he is not: Theon 



Greyjoy. 
 
A boy and his father tend to a flock of goats. The boy is throwing rocks over a cliff 
into the water when suddenly a dragon rises up before him and torches the flock 
and grabs a goat for good measure. 
 
The shepherd comes before Khaleesi on her throne in Mereen. He unfolds a 
bundle, it is the burnt remains of his flock. He explains about the dragons. Khaleesi 
says she's sorry but will pay for their value three times over. He is very grateful. 
Barristan clucks at this. 
 
The next supplicant is Loraq, He bows before her and flatters her beauty and 
explains he's from an old family in Mereen and he says his father was crucified. He 
was a master, yes, but he spoke out against the crucifixion of the children. He 
doesn't want to see Mereenian tradition eradicated and he wants them to have a 
proper burial and not be carrion for vultures. He gets on his knees and asks for this. 
She asks about the children that were crucified. He says he can't speak to the action 
of the masters only as a son who wants to bury his father so he can have peace in 
the next life. She grants him permission. She asks how many more supplicants 
there are to see her and Missandei says there are 212 more. Ser Jorah looks at her 
like "Hey, you asked for this." 
 
The small council has a meeting and Oberyn complains about the early hour. Mace 
Tyrell tries to be obsequious. Varys reports in: The Hound has been spotted and 
they put a bounty on his head. He reports that Dany has taken up Queen-dom in 
Mereen. He notes how big her army has gotten and that she has two serious 
advisors and three serious dragons. Cersei says they can't be scare of a child 
halfway across the world. Oberyn says Varys is right that they should be worried 
about the army of the Unsullied. Tywin says dragons haven't won wars in years but 
armies do it all the time and they need to do recognizance in Mereen. 
 
In the Throne room Varys meets with Oberyn. They talk about the Unsullied, 
Oberyn's travels around the world, and Varys' peculiar asexuality. He is guarded 
about his own story but says when he sees what desire has done to this country he's 
glad he's not interested and besides the absence of desire leaves one free to pursue 
other things. Oberyn asks like what and Varys looks at the throne. 
 
Jaime goes to see Tyrion. He jokes "Let me guess, I've been pardoned." The guards 
put chains on him at the behest of Tywin. He is brought in to the throne room for 
the trial in front of a large crowd. Tommen sits on the throne. He stands and the 
whole room stands with him. Tommen recuses himself from the trial and says 
Tywin will sit as judge alongside Oberyn and Mace and if Tyrion is found guilty, 
may the gods punish the accused. 
 



Tywin asks if Tyrion killed Joffrey. He says no. He asks if Sansa did it. He says 
not that he knows. He blames the pigeon pie. The first witness, a member of the 
King's Guard, recalls a time when Tyrion berated and slapped Joffrey before he 
was king. Tyrion tries to speak up but Tywin silences him. 
 
Maester Pycelle reads a list of poison and claims his stores were plundered by 
Tyrion after he had him arrested. Pycelle says it is without question that poison 
killed him. He has the necklace that the Fool gave Sansa and says there was poison 
inside: "The Strangler." (Remember: Baelish threw it on the fool's dead body in the 
rowboat.) 
 
Cersei reiterates the time that Tyrion vowed to seek vengeance and then lies about 
Joffrey fighting in the war. Varys testifies to the time that Tyrion said something 
about kings dying like flies and says he was not gladdened by the news of Robb 
Stark's death. Tyrion asks Varys if he remembers the time he told him that that 
everyone knew that Tyrion saved the city in the Battle of Blackwater. Varys says 
he never forgets a thing. Tywin calls an hour's recess. 
 
Jaime tries to talk to Tywin about condemning his own son to death. Jaime notes 
that he also killed a king once and he did so to save Tywin's life and now he 
wonders if he saved his life so he can murder his brother. Tywin says if Tyrion's 
guilty he'll be punished accordingly. Jaime tells him of all the times Tywin talked 
about family and the legacy of the dynasty and wonders who will carry on the 
Lannister name. Tywin asks "what happens if I spare the life of my grandson's 
killer?" Jaime offers to leave the King's Guard, take a wife and have children to 
carry on the family name if he spares Tyrion. Tywin says it's already taken care of: 
Tyrion will be found guilty, ask for mercy, and Tywin will send him to join the 
Night's Watch and Jaime will do as he just said They give each other their word. 
 
Jaime goes to speak to Tyrion and tells him to ask for a formal plea for mercy and 
get sent to the Wall and says Tywin will keep his word even though that's the same 
story he gave Ned Stark. He tells Tyrion no more outbursts and this will all be over 
soon. Tywin seems to telepathically agree from the throne as he looks at Tyrion. 
 
The next witness is Shae. Tyrion is flabbergasted to see her. She says that Tyrion 
and Sansa planned the murder together. She said she wanted revenge for her family 
and Tyrion was happy to help and hated Joffrey, Cersei, and Tywin himself and 
says he stole the poison to put in Joffrey's wine. She admits she was Tyrion's 
whore. She says he stole her. She says she did everything he wanted and she was 
his property. She says "He ordered me to call him 'My lion' so I did." He begs her, 
"Shae, please don't." She replies "I am a whore, remember." She says Tyrion 
promised to kill Joffrey so Sansa would sleep with him. 
 
That is the last straw for Tyrion who says he wants to confess. He turns on the 



gallery and snarls at them and says he saved all their worthless lives and he 
should've let Stannis kill them. Jaime stares at him hard, beseeching him to stop 
with his eyes. 
 
Tyrion says to Tywin "Yes I'm guilty is that what you want to hear?" Tyrion says 
he's guilty of a far more monstrous crime than killing Joffrey, for being a dwarf 
and that.he's been on trial for that his entire life. He says to Cersei: "I did not kill 
Joffrey but I wish that I had, watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief 
than a thousand lying whores." He says he wished he had killed everyone. He says 
he knows he will get no justice here so he'll let the Gods decide his fate and so he 
demands a trial by combat. A little smile plays at his mouth as he stares down 
Tywin. 

 

S4, Ep7 

Mockingbird 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Mockingbird" - May 18, 2014 
 
Tyrion 
 
We open in Tyrion's cell where Jaime is giving him hell for flipping out at the trial 
and screwing up the deal Jaime had made. He says this is not a joke. Tyrion's notes 
that it is one, just not a very funny one. He says he couldn't listen to Shae standing 
there telling lies and was stupid enough to think she'd fallen in love with him. 
 
He points out that "the deal" was everything Tywin wanted: Jaime back at 
Casterley Rock and Tyrion shipped off to Castle Black and he says it felt good to 
take that away from him since Tywin knows he's innocent. When Jaime says that 
Tywin doesn't care about any of his kids, Tyrion disagrees and notes that Jaime 
was able to kill a king, lose a hand, and sleep with his own sister and still be a 
golden son. Jaime tells him to be careful since he's the only ally Tyrion has. Tyrion 
says he's just glad he got to stick it to Tywin. 
 
Jaime says he can't save him because his training has proven he's just not good 
enough. Tyrion half jokes he should fight anyway because if he died that would 
really piss their father off. They laugh but the gravity of the situation is sinking in. 
 
Tyrion figures Bronn will fight for him again and he will be in his debt for the rest 
of his life and asks Jaime to find him. He asks who Cersei is picking to fight for 
her. 
 
We cut to the Gregor "the Mountain" Clegane-- brother to Arya's captor Sandor 
"the Hound" Clegane-- currently in the process of disemboweling several people as 



some kind of perverse warm-up. Cersei approaches and thanks him for coming so 
quickly. He asks who he is fighting. She asks if it matters. He shakes his head no. 
 
Bronn comes to see Tyrion. He has fancy new clothes.He has sold out to Cersei 
who has him betrothed to a dim-witted woman who is not an heiress, her sister is. 
Bronn says sisters die all the time, then his wife will inherit. He came because 
Tyrion once told him he would double the price of what anyone else was offering. 
Tyrion says he can't offer him a castle but he can offer him gold, gratitude, the 
potential to rule with him at Winterfell if Tyrion comes out of this and gets back 
with Sansa to Winterfell. Bronn notes that's a lot of "if and may and could" and 
notes it's bloody cold up north and the place Cersei has promised him is close and 
warm. 
 
He also admits the Mountain frightens him because he's big, strong, and freakishly 
fast and he'd basically have to tire him out and get him off his feet. But with one 
misstep, he'd be dead. He asks Tyrion why he should risk it. Tyrion says "Because 
you're my friend." Bronn agrees but wonders exactly when Tyrion ever risked his 
life for Bronn. "I like you but I like myself more," he says with apologies. Tyrion 
says he shouldn't apologize for being an evil bastard with no conscience or heart 
because that's what he liked about Bronn in the first place. They shake hands. 
Bronn says they had some good days. Tyrion agrees. Bronn asks what he'll do. 
Tyrion says he'll just have to kill the Mountain himself and says it will make for a 
great folk song. Bronn says he hopes to hear it sung one day. 
 
Oberyn comes to visit Tyrion in his cell. He tells him that many years ago he 
actually met Tyrion as an infant. He says all the way from Dorne they heard stories 
of the "monster" that had been born to Tywin Lannister-- a huge head, a claw, a 
tail, a red eye, both boy and girl parts. He admits he was disappointed when he saw 
him. He said to Cersei: "That's not a monster, that's a baby." Cersei, he notes, hated 
him with a white hot passion and pinched his little penis very hard --until Jaime 
made her stop-- and wished him dead. 
 
Tyrion notes that sooner or later Cersei always gets what she wants. Oberyn asks 
what about what he wants: justice for his sister. Tyrion says he's come to the wrong 
place for justice. Oberyn disagrees and says he will right both their wrongs-- 
Tyrion's imprisonment and the rape and murder of his sister by 'the Mountain" 
ordered the Lannisters. He says he will be Tyrion's champion. 
 
The Hound and Arya 
 
The Hound and Arya come upon a structure and approach hoping for food but 
prepared for soldiers. They find a dying man. The man tells them that marauders 
burned his hut down. The Hound says the man's wound clearly isn't going to get 
better and wants to know if he wants out of his misery. The guy agrees and says it 



has occurred to him to take matters into his own hands. Arya asks why he goes on, 
sitting there, bleeding out. The man says habit. 
 
He asks who she is and because he's dying they both tell the truth. That Arya is the 
Hound's captive whom he is exchanging for ransom. The dying man thinks it's a 
fair exchange, a concept he believes in. He asks for drink, saying dying is thirsty 
work. The Hound gives him some. The man wishes it was wine. "So do I," says the 
Hound who then stabs the guy dead to put him out of his misery. He says to Arya, 
"That's where the heart is, that's how you kill a man." 
 
Suddenly, someone attacks him from behind and bites his neck. The Hound 
quickly kills him. The guy's cohort explains to them about Joffrey and the poison 
and how there is a bounty on the Hound's head. She recognizes him as a prisoner 
who threatened her back in the day when she was posing as a boy. The Hound 
wonders if this guy is on her vengeance list that she recites. She says he isn't 
because she doesn't know his name. He gives it and she thanks him and neatly 
stabs him in the heart. The Hound says she's learning. 
 
Later, as they sit by a fire he's frustrated trying to sew up the bite mark on his neck. 
She says for it to properly heal and avoid infection they need to burn away the 
rotten part and grabs a stick from the fire. He is understandably skittish about the 
fire. He's very grumpy about everything that's happened since he took her captive 
and says no reward is worth this much trouble and wishes he'd never laid eyes on 
her. 
 
He notes that her brother gave her her sword. He points at the half of his face 
disfigured by burns and says "My brother gave me this." He says the Mountain 
thought he'd stolen his toy but the Hound was just playing with it. He says the pain 
was bad but the smell was worse but the truly worst thing was that their father 
protected the Mountain and told everyone that the Hound's bedding caught fire. 
Arya offers to wash out his wound and sew it up. He lets her. 
 
Jon Snow 
 
The Rangers who successfully attacked Craster's Keep return to Castle Black but 
although many cheer their work, Thorne is not impressed and continues to mock 
Jon Snow. He says this is no place for wild beasts and says to lock Jon's direwolf 
Ghost up or he will have him added to the stew for the night. 
 
Later in front of the rest of the Night's Watch and the commanders Jon explains 
what happened and that Mance's army is on the way and will reach the Wall by the 
next full moon. He thinks they should seal the tunnel to the North, fill it with rocks 
and water and let it freeze. 
 



Thorne says they have never been cowards and have defended Castle Black for 
1000s of years and never sealed the tunnel. Jon says the gate won't stop the giants. 
Thorne mocks him because he's a steward. He asks the main builder if he agrees 
with Jon Snow about the tunnel and the gate. The builder hesitates but says no. 
Thorne tells Jon Snow that he and Sam will take night duty on top of the \Wall 
until the next full moon. 
 
Dany 
 
Back in Meereen, Dany meets with Daario, who climbed in through the window. 
He offers her wildflowers but Dany is annoyed he came into her private quarters. 
He says he needs a favor. He is only good at war and women and since she's 
decided to hole up in Meereen, there hasn't been much war for him to partake in. 
She says but there are thousands of women in Meereen. He smoothly says he only 
has eyes for one and she does not want me. He reiterates that his sword is sworn to 
her no matter what, but wants her to "allow him to do what he does best." Send 
him to kill her enemies, any enemy, anywhere. She relents, "Do what you do best, 
take off your clothes." He does. Slowly. She checks out what he's working with. 
 
Ser Jorah catches Daario on his way out the following morning. Daario mentions 
the queen is in a good mood. Jorah is upset. He goes to see her. She notes he's 
early, and he quips that he's later than some. She asks why he doesn't approve of 
her fling. He wonders how she can trust a sellsword. 
 
She says she probably can't, but has sent the second sons to Yunkai to execute 
every master. Jorah argues that if brutality is all you've ever known, like the 
masters, Dany must show them something new if she wants things to be different. 
"Let priests argue good and evil. Slavery is real and I can end it and those behind 
it," she says. Jorah reminds her that he sold men into slavery once. She reminds 
him that he is now helping her show them to freedom. He wins the argument by 
pointing out he never would've been able to if Ned Stark had done to him what she 
intends to do to the masters in Yunkai. After contemplating this, Dany decides to 
send the Meereen citizen from earlier (who begged to bury his father) as her 
ambassador. He will deliver the message to Yunkai, live in her new world or die in 
their old one. She then sends Jorah after Daario to tell him she has changed her 
mind about executing all the masters. She ends with "No, tell him you changed my 
mind." 
 
Stannis 
 
The queen comes in on Melisandre while she's bathing. Melisandre mentions that 
she uses both lies and the truth to do the lord of light's work. She uses lies-- 
potions, powders, magic tricks, her body-- to make men believe until they discover 
the truth for themselves. The queen regards her naked body. The queen thanks god 



for bringing Melisandre to them and Stannis to her. Stannis wants to bring their 
daughter with them when they leave Dragonstone, but the queen thinks she should 
stay behind because she has heretical tendencies. Melisandre says she understands 
how she feels, but that's not possible. She then points the queen towards the 
prophecy fire and tells her to see the truth for herself. When they set sail the Lord 
of the Light will need their daughter. 
 
Brienne and Pod 
 
Brienne and Pod stop for a hot meal and a bed for the night. 
 
Hot Pie, the boy that once traveled with Arya & Gendry is their waiter and asks if 
they need anything else. Brienne compliments his pie, which proves to be a 
mistake as he sits down with them and won't shut up. He talks about his kidney pie, 
then about gravy, then asks if she's a knight, then asks what they're doing. 
 
Brienne says they're looking for Sansa Stark. He stops at the name, which Brienne 
catches and she speaks about her pledge to Catelyn to bring the girls home. He 
denies any knowledge and walks away from them quickly. 
 
They saddle up the next morning and Pod thinks they shouldn't be telling people 
they're searching for Sansa because the Lannisters want to kill them.Hot Pie comes 
out and tells them about Arya and how she posed as a boy and was headed to the 
Night's Watch and how she was captured by the Hound. He then asks them to give 
Arya a gift when they find her, he has baked her another direwolf cookie. Brienne 
smirks at Pod. "You were saying?" 
 
Pod says the Hound will take Arya to Lysa at the Eyrie for money. And Brienne 
surmises if she is their only relative Sansa might head there too. When the road 
forks and it's time for them to make a decision, Brienne asks if he's sure. He says 
no, and they continue on their way. 
 
Sansa and Petyr 
 
Sansa walks out into the snow at the Eyrie. She seems pleased by it. She builds a 
castle in the snow that looks how she remembers Winterfell. 
 
Robin comes out to see her. Robin babbles about being the Lord of the Vail. He 
asks when she'll go back to Winterfell. She says probably never since her family is 
dead and it's been burned. Robin babbles about how much of a brat he is and how 
Winterfell doesn't even have a moon door. He messes up her castle trying to add 
one and when she says he ruined it, he throws a tantrum and stomps her castle. She 
slaps him and he runs off. Littlefinger arrives. She says she shouldn't have done 
that, to which he agrees, but because his mother should've done it a long time ago. 



He tells her to let him worry about Lysa. 
 
She's sad about never seeing Winterfell again. Petyr says never say never. Sansa 
again seriously inquires about why he killed Joffrey. "I loved your mother more 
than you will ever know. Given the opportunity, what do we do to those who hurt 
the ones we love?" He then creepily explains that in a world where love trumps 
honor, she might have been his child. He touches her face and says she's more 
beautiful than her mother ever was, then kisses her. Sansa is all weirded out. Lysa 
has witnessed all of this. 
 
Sansa goes to see Lysa who brings her to the edge of the moon door and explains 
what happens to bodies when they fall through and hit the rocks. Lysa says she 
knows what she did, and Sansa apologizes for hitting Robin. Lysa calls her a 
whore for kissing Littlefinger. Sansa points out that he kissed her. Lysa calls her a 
liar and holds her over the moon door. Petyr arrives just in time and tells her to let 
her go. Lysa screams, "I lied for you, I killed for you, why did you bring her here?" 
Petyr swears he will send her away. Lysa lets her go and cries. He calls Lysa his 
sweet silly wife and consoles her. He looks into her eyes and lovingly says he has 
only loved one woman his entire life. She smiles at this. He then gets serious and 
tells Lysa it was her sister, and pushes her out the moon door. 

 

S4, Ep8 

The Mountain and the Viper 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Mountain and the Viper" - June 1, 2014 
 
We open in Mole's Town. Two members of the Night's Watch enter a tavern. A 
whore is belching tunes or the guests to guess. Everyone seems to be having a 
grand old time. She goes to see Gilly to complain about the baby crying and 
waking her up. Gilly apologizes. The whore says to keep the baby quiet and says 
she should've stayed with her own kind the Wildlings. Suddenly Gilly hears a 
noise. The whore thinks it's an owl. Gilly knows better. The Wildling's have 
arrived and they proceed to murder everyone in their path, including everyone in 
the tavern. Ygritte kills the whore. She hears the baby cry and finds Gilly. She puts 
her fingers to her mouth and shushes her. Blood is pouring through the ceiling. 
 
The next morning Sam is tortured that they killed Gilly, he thinks. The others are 
mad they killed Crows, who were not supposed to be there. There all mad there's 
nothing they can do. They tell Sam how much Gilly survived and say she might 
have got out. He grabs on to this hope. Jon figures they must be next and now they 
know they're not ready for Mance and his army with just 102 men. They all have a 
much needed drink. 
 



We cut to the Unsullied bathing themselves in a river. Grey Worm sees a naked 
Missandei bathing. She catches him and gives him a full view and then covers 
herself. She tells Dany who is braiding her hair. Dany points out that none of the 
Unsulled care what's under their clothes. Missandei thinks he was interested. Dany 
wonders about his castration, if it is ....complete. Missandei doesn't know. Dany 
asks if she's ever wondered. Missandei says she has. 
 
Missandei goes to the throne room and Grey Worm finds her and apologizes. She 
says he doesn't need to and she was not frightened. He thanks her for helping him 
learn the common tongue. (Jorah is also haleping.) She asks if he remembers his 
name. He says he doesn't. She asks if he remembers being cut. He doesn't. She says 
she is sorry they did that to him. He wonders why. She says it is terrible. She says 
if he was never cut he wouldn't be Unsullied and have met Dany or her. She is 
touched by his confession. He apologizes again and leaves. She calls to him and 
tells him that she is glad she saw him. He says he is too. 
 
We cut to Ramsay who is prepping a cleaned up Theon to once again be himself 
but still knowing that he is still Reek and always will be. He says Theon looks 
royal again, but really he doesn't. They stand and see a castle in the distance and 
Ramsay asks him to bring him the lord from the castle. Theon rides to the structure 
with a white flag and announces himself. He is let in. He approaches Lord Canning 
the commander of the castle and asks him to prove himself. He asks him why he is 
marching with the Lord Bolton army. He says Bolton took him captive at 
Winterfell and wants Canning-- decimated from war and illness, miles from the 
sea-- to abandon this fortress they can no longer hold and if they do Bolton will 
give them safe passage to the stony shore. Theon says his own father bent the knee 
to Robert Baratheon and there is no shame in it. Canning, who is very ill, spits 
blood at Theon and says only a whipped dog or a woman would speak this way 
and the Iron Born will not surrender and to tell Bolton that. Suddenly a man behind 
Canning clocks him in the head with an axe. The killer asks if the paper says that if 
they surrender they will be free. Theon says yes. But Ramsay says no, and we cut 
to the aftermath of the slaughter of the men at the structure. They have been flayed 
for good measure, the sign of the Boltons. Theon asks to go home. Ramsay says 
they will, to their new home. 
 
We cut to Littlefinger who is being questioned by some kind of committee of 
Lords from the Vale about Lady Arryn's death and the fact that she died shortly 
after his arrival and their marriage. They think he is a "grubby" man who has been 
licking Tywin Lannister's boots and don't think Lysa would've killed herself 
considering how much she loved Robin. He says she was prone to melancholy and 
wasn't meant for such a brutal world. They ask about a witness, his niece. They 
want to talk to her. She is brought out. They ask that her name is Elaine and that he 
is her uncle. She says yes. They ask her to tell them what she saw. She apologizes 
to Littlefinger that she has to tell the truth. She tells her real identity. They accuse 



her of lying. She says Littlefinger has been lying to protect her. She tells of her 
terrible time in King's Landing, Littlefinger smuggling her out, of staying with 
Lysa. They say glowing things about Ned Stark and say her secret is safe. They ask 
what happened to Lysa. She tells the almost truth saying Lysa caught Littlefinger 
kissing her --on the cheek-- and says Lysa turned on her and tried to throw her 
through the moon door and then Littlefinger tried to reason with her and Lysa 
killed herself. Sansa cries. The female member of the committee comforts her. She 
looks at Littlefinger who gives her the approving eye. They apologize for treating 
Littlefinger harshly. 
 
Littlefinger begins talking political strategy with two of the committee people. 
They say they don't back Lannister but Robb Stark is dead so who should they 
back? Littlefinger says they should back Robin. That Lysa babied him and it's time 
for him to learn to ride a horse and swing a sword and visit the various villages of 
the Vale and meet his people. It's time for Robin to leave the nest. 
 
Lord Barristan gets a note from a young boy with a seal on it. He reads it and is 
shocked by its contents. Jorah regards a map of Westeros. Barristan arrives with 
the note. It's a royal pardon signed by Robert Baratheon. It is Jorah's pardon. 
Barristan knows Jorah spied on Dany. He asks if he told Dany. Barristan says he 
told him first. Jorah wants to speak with her in private. Barristan says he will never 
be alone with her again. Jorah goes to the throne room to speak to Dany flanked by 
Barristan, Missandei, Grey Worm and some Unsullied. She asks for an 
explanation. He asks her to think of who benefits from her knowing about that 
pardon? Tywin Lannister. He wants them to fight each other instead of him. He 
finally, tearfully, explains that he did spy for Baratheon via Varys. He begs for her 
forgiveness. She says he betrayed her to the man who killed her father and stole 
her brother's throne. And as she lays out his other crimes he continues to beg for 
her forgiveness and list the things he's done to help her and that his loyalty is to her 
and that he has loved her. She tells him to go back to his masters in King's Landing 
and collect his pardon if he can. She says he has until dusk to collect his things and 
leave or else he'll have his head thrown in Slaver's Bay. He tries t reach out to her 
but she tells him to never presume to touch her or speak her name again. They are 
both heartbroken and hers has a side of shaking rage. We see him ride his horse 
away from Mereen. 
 
Ramsay goes to Lord Bolton and tells him he got the Canning structure. Bolton 
walks with him and tells him Bran and Rickon have not been found and most of 
the Iron Born have fled and now thanks to Ramsay more will follow. They go on a 
hill and Bolton asks Ramsay what he sees. Ramsay says fields, hills, nothing. 
Bolton points in three directions and says 700 miles one way, 400 another, and 300 
miles in another is the North, which is six times bigger than all of the rest of 
Westeros kingdoms and he is the Warden of the North. He asks Ramsay what his 
name is. He says Ramsay Snow. He hands him a piece of paper and says from this 



day forward he is Ramsay Bolton, son of the Warden of the North. Ramsay goes to 
his knees and promises to be worthy of this honor. 
 
Littlefinger goes to visit Sansa, who is sewing. He asks why she helped him. She 
says they would've killed him if they found him guilty. He says that's not an 
answer. She says she figured if they'd kill him what would they do with her? He 
notes, "Better to gamble on the man you know then the strangers you don't." He 
asks if she thinks she knows him. She says she knows what he wants. "Do you?" he 
asks. She looks at him. 
 
The Hound and Arya are approaching the bloody gates of the Vale. She is saying 
she thought hearing of Joffrey's death would make her happy but it doesn't. The 
Hound notes nothing makes her happy. She says she was happy after killing some 
of the men on her revenge list. She says she just wishes she could've been there to 
see Joffrey die and since the Hound guarded him wonders what he thinks of his 
death. He says poison is a woman's way and that men kill each other with steel. 
They are stopped at the gates. They announce themselves and the guards offer their 
condolences that Lady Arryn died three days ago. Arya busts out laughing. 
 
Robin is telling Littlefinger he's afraid to leave the nest and his mother told him the 
world was very dangerous and the Lord of the Vale belongs in the Eeryie. He tells 
him to not worry about his death but to worry about his life and to take charge of 
his life for as long as it lasts since that is what it means to be Lord of the Vale. 
Sansa enters, all dressed up like a grown woman, kinda sexy and asks "shall we 
go.' 
 
Tyrion drinks in his cell and chats with Jaime about the trial by combat. He asks 
how much longer and Jaime simply says soon. Tyrion asks if Oberyn has a chance. 
Jaime says he's never seen him fight. Tyrion panics that they are both going to die 
and starts worrying about his beheading. They reminisce about their "simple" 
cousin Orson who used to smash beetles with a rock. He talks about being 
obsessed with why he was smashing beetles since Orson couldn't explain for 
himself. So he observed him frequently because he had to know why he was doing 
it. He tried to stop him once unsuccessfully. Until a mule kicked him in the chest 
and killed him. He asks Jaime what he thinks, why he did it? Jaime says he doesn't 
know. Suddenly a bell begins clanging. Jaime gets up to leave and says "good luck 
today.' 
 
Tyrion is brought out to stand by Oberyn. He does not approve that Oberyn is 
wearing very light armor, no helmet and is drinking. Ilaria's eyes go wide when she 
sees the Mountain. She kisses him and asks him not to leave her alone in this 
world. He says it's not his day to die. Maester Pycelle stands before the crowd, 
including Cersei, Jaime, Tywin and Varys and announces the trial by combat. The 
Mountain is huge but Oberyn is athletically nimble. He's also very chatty. He keeps 



repeating that he is going to make the Mountain confess that he raped and 
murdered his sister and killed his children before he kills him. They fight, Oberyn 
finally gets the upperhand and stabs the Mountain several times and has him down 
on the ground but he hasn't struck the mortal blow. He keeps demanding that he 
confess and asks who gave the order, pointing at Tywin, and saying the Mountain 
must say her name. The Mountain suddenly gets a second wind and flips Oberyn 
over and confesses that he did indeed rape her, kill her and murder her children and 
says her name for good measure. Unfortunately for Oberyn while he's doing this 
confessing he is pressing Oberyn's eyeballs back into his skull and brains until-- 
Oberyn's head explodes. Ilaria screams. Tyrion swoon. The Mountain collapses. 
Tywin stands and says the gods have spoken and that Tyrion will be put to death. 

 

S4, Ep9 

The Watchers on the Wall 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Watchers on the Wall" - June 8, 2014 
 
We open atop a windswept Wall at night. Jon Snow and Samwell survey the land. 
Sam asks about Ygritte. he wants to hear about loving someone and having them 
love you back especially since they're all going to to die sooner than planned. Jon 
figured that Sam and Gilly might have. Sam points out that she'd just had a baby. 
Plus, she never offered. Jon asks if he would've broken his vows. Sam notes there's 
some wiggle room in the vows since all it says is they can't have kids or take a 
wife. He asks again what "it" was like. Jon tries to explain and can't and says he's 
no poet. Sam notes he is not. Jon notes all he got for it was an arrow close to his 
heart. Sam says they wildlings have already taken anything he ever wanted when 
they killed Gilly. 
 
The Wildlings sit around a campfire and Tormund tells stories about a woman he 
bedded who was actually a bear? Ygritte has heard this story before and doesn't 
care to hear it again and only wants to make more arrows so she can kill Crows. 
She's mad as hell and she's not going to take it anymore. The Then leader 
challenges her on the fact that Jon is still alive and taunts her that if she didn't she 
will serve him up some of her ginger hooha. She says no matter what happens she's 
going to be the one to kill Jon Snow. 
 
Sam is in the library reading and is disturbed by the Maester. He talks about 
growing old and blind and how he is surrounded by books and how ironic that is. 
He asks what Sam's reading. Sam is reading about Wildlings and the things they 
"do" when they attack. He busts Sam for falling in love with Gilly and says he was 
in love once. The Maester apparently was someone special, he's a Targaryen, and 
he could've been king and lots of girls threw themselves at him. One was 
successful he says. Sam asks who she was. The Maester says he could tell Sam 



everything and can still see her right in front of him. The Maester tells him to go to 
bed. As he's leaving he hears Gilly begging to be let in the gate with the baby. He 
convinces the man guarding the gate to let her in. He apologizes. She begs him to 
not be sent away again. He says from now on wherever she goes he goes too. A 
horn sounds. There is shouting. An owl on the wall caws. 
 
A Then mog comes out of his trance at the campfire, apparently he was in the owl, 
and he says "It's time." 
 
Jon goes to the top of the wall and he sees a huge bonfire, just the kind that Mance 
Rayder promised. The Crows light torches at the top of the wall and roll 
ammunition into place. Jon runs into the leader Alliser who is looking at the 
bonfire. He asks '100,000 you say?" Jon says yes. Alliser says Jon is within his 
rights to say "I told you so" basically about closing the tunnel. He says being a 
leader means constantly being second guessed and you can't second guess yourself 
or it's the end. Alliser says this is not the end, not if the Night's Watch does it's job. 
Then Jon can go on hating him and Alliser can go on wishing Ygritte had killed 
Jon. 
 
Sam takes Gilly to a food pantry deep within Castle Black. He says he will check 
on her as soon as he can. She's worried he's leaving her again. He says he has to go 
fight and can't hide. She says he won't matter up there but will down here with her. 
He says he swore an oath and he has to keep it because that's what men do. And 
then he kisses her. She asks him to promise that he won't die. He does. 
 
The Crows scurry about preparing for the fight. One of them is very nervous. Sam 
tries to buck him up. He asks how Sam killed a White Walker. Sam says he wasn't 
trying to kill him he was just trying to protect Gilly and the baby. In that moment 
he wasn't himself, he was outside himself, nothing. But he's afraid now because 
he's not nothing anymore. 
 
Ygritte takes a peek and reports back that there are not very many men and they 
can take them. The pack of Wildlings heads out to kill some Crows. We pull up 
and see their position is directly at the Wall's base not the other side where the fire 
is burning. 
 
A large group of Wildlings march through the woods, including Giants on what 
look like woolly mammoths. Those on top of the Wall regard them. 
 
Alliser pumps up the gang on the Wall and they start shooting flaming arrows at 
the approaching gang, but this group, by the fire is a decoy. When the arrows hit a 
few of them they step a few feet out of range and continue making noise to draw 
fire. 
 



Brother Sledge runs up on to the wall and reports that the real threatening group of 
Wildlings isn't this group but those attacking the southern gate. Alliser gets the 
word and freaks and heads down to the southern gate, where Sam and just a few 
others are unsuccessfully trying to hold off Ygritte, Tormund, and the Thens who 
climb the much shorter gate. 
 
Alliser tries to pump up the gang on the ground and tells them they should not 
want to fill the bellies of the Then's tonight and that tomorrow the Night's Watch 
will stand. The Wildlings breach the gate an Alliser leads the fight against them. 
Tormund makes it to wear Sam was on the bridge and he and his buddy make 
haste. 
 
Sledge is freaking out on top of the Wall and is clearly frightened of the coming 
Wildlings even as he poo poos them as a gang of thieves and says there is no such 
thing as giants. Jon says they can't just let them attack. One of the smarter Crows 
sends Sledge away and Jon commences giving orders. Wildlings begin climbing 
the Wall and the Crows lean out and begin picking them off. 
 
The ginats and the Thens are proving to be very adept at killing. As is Ygritte. 
 
The Wildlings break in to the kitchen and continue their attack. Brother Sledge is a 
coward and runs away. he goes to the food pantry where Sam hid Gilly. 
 
Sam and his buddy take up a new position and start trying to kill people. His buddy 
gets one and then is shot in the neck with Ygritte. Sam comforts him in death. 
 
Back on top of the Wall, Jon continues to give successful orders. But then one of 
the Giants uses his mammoth and his own strength to bust open the gate. Jon sends 
his best man and five others down to hold the inner gate. He says if they make it 
through that inner gate, it's all over. 
 
The fight continues down below with Alliser holding his own. He comes face to 
face with Tormund. They spar. Alliser falls and is injured but he yells to the men to 
hold the gate. (Clearly, they need to hold the gate.) 
 
Sam lays his fallen comrade down. He surveys the fight and begins to run. He kills 
a Then. The men come down and Sam says they need more men. They say they're 
off to hold the gate and to tell Jon. Sam tells the frightened little boy powering the 
elevator to wait for their signal to bring them back down and to fight them. 
 
They drop flaming oil barrel on the mammoth and men pulling at the Wall and 
successfully stave them off for the moment. They also manage to kill one of the 
giants. This makes the other Giant so mad he begins opening the gate 
singlehandedly. When they try to drop another flaming barrel but it backfires and 



kills men on top of the wall. 
 
Sam arrives and tells Jon of the dire situation below. Jon gives his buddy command 
of the Wall. The guy, surprised, turns to his comrades and says they might as well 
enjoy their last night and tells them to light them up. They all take flaming arrows 
and begin shootng. 
 
The "hold the wall" gang arrive at the inner gate as the Giant is still trying to bust 
through the main gate, he is successful. It falls behind him. He runs towards the 
inner gate and the men begin to chant the vows of the Night's Watch preparing to 
fight him off. 
 
Jon and Sam descend. Jon says he doesn't want Sam in the fight. Sam says he can't 
protect him forever and if the Wall falls they'll all be dead anyway. Jon hands him 
a key and says "I need him more than I need you." 
 
Jon jumps out of the elevator and begins to fight off Wildlings. The battle is raging 
in every corner. It's hard to tell who's winning but it seems like the Wildlings. 
 
Sam runs and unleashes Jon's Direwolf Ghost who helps in the fight. Jon fights 
with a Then. 
 
Ygritte is on the move and spots them fighting. The Then is about to kill him when 
Jon gets the upper hand and does him in first. He hasn't caught his breath when he 
sees Ygritte has drawn on him. They take a moment, both overwhelmed by 
emotion. Suddenly she has an arrow through her chest. The little boy, whose 
family he saw Ygritte help kill, shot her. He nods at Jon. Jon grabs her as she falls. 
She asks if he remembers the cave. He nods. She says they should've stayed in that 
cave. He tells her they'll go back there. She says you know nothing Jon Snow, and 
dies. He cries over her body as the fight rages around him. 
 
On top of the Wall as the climbers get higher the man in charge now says to drop 
the scythe. A huge scythe flies across the face of the ice and cuts down the 
climbers. The Crows can see they've won the battle for the night as the Wildlings 
retreat. 
 
Down at the bottom Tormund, with a couple of arrows in his back still wants to 
fight. Jon tells him to simmer down but Tormund wants to fight. Jon shoots him in 
the leg and tells some other Crows to drag him away in chains and they'll question 
him in the morning. Tormund promises to throw him off the Wall. 
 
Sam comes to Gilly in the pantry. She is happy he's still alive just like he promised. 
He's surprised to see Brother Sledge cowering in the corner. 
 



As morning light breaks and the bodies are piled up Sam and Jon survey the 
wreckage. Sam wants to call it a great victory but Jon points out that they held 
them off for one night, they almost got through and they have a thousand times as 
many men. So not so much with the great victory and they'll hit them again tonight. 
 
Jon says he's going to go kill Mance, because if he can the warring tribes he united 
will go back to warring with each other and scatter back home. Sam says he'll 
never get within yards of him and they will not only kill him but boil and flay him 
and make it last days. Jon says; "You're right, it's a bad plan. What's your plan?" 
Sam doesn't have one. 
 
They go to survey the damage at the gate. All of the men defending the inner gate 
are dead but they killed the Giant so they were successful. Jon says they need to 
burn the bodies. They walk towards the outer gate. He tells Sam to raise the outer 
gate and lower it again as soon as he's out. He gives Sam his sword. As a farewell, 
Sam simply says: "Jon, come back." 

 

S4, Ep10 

The Children 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Children" - June 15, 2014 
 
We open on Jon Snow marching out of the gate in the Wall. He passes the dead 
giant--being feasted on by crows. He marches into the woods bathed in a gauzy 
haze. Wildlings surround him with weapons. He raises his hands. He comes face to 
face with Mance saying he's been sent to negotiate. He and Mance enter his tent. 
Mance admits his trusting nature got the best of him when it came to admitting Jon 
Snow to his family of Wildlings. They speak briefly of Ygritte, Jon reports she is 
dead, not by his hand. They share a drink and toast to her. Mance notes Jon and his 
men did well fighting back and congratulates him on killing a giant the last of his 
kind. They toast the giant and Jon's friend the giant killed. 
 
Jon proposes the Wildlings turn around. Mance scoffs at this saying he knows Jon's 
low on ammo and men. He truthfully tells him that he sent 400 men to climb the 
Wall much further down and they are likely over it by now. He says they're here to 
hide behind the wall just like Jon's people and they need Jon's tunnel because 
winter is coming and if the Wildlings, all 100,000 of them don't get South of the 
Wall for protection they'll all end up worse than dead. He offers a bargain: Jon 
goes back and opens the gate and promises that no one else will die. If he refuses, 
the Wildlings will kill every man at Castle Black. He knows Jon could probably 
kill Mance before his men could stop him but he asks if Jon is capable of a killing 
a man in his own tent after he's been offered a bargain? Suddenly they hear a noise. 
A knife is put to Jon Snow's throat and is asked if he is attacking them. He says no, 



Mance is right, they don't have the men. 
 
We pull back to see a great army on horseback charging into the woods from two 
sides killing Wildlings on both sides. It is swift and confusing and Mance is 
paralyzed. Suddenly he yells "Stand down!' He says his people have bled enough 
and he meant it. Stannis and Ser Davos arrive. They dismount and approach and 
Mance drops his weapons. 
 
Stannis asks if Mance is the King Beyond the Wall. Yup. He asks if Mance knows 
who he is. Mance does not. Davos announces him as Stannis Baratheon the one 
true King of the Seven Kingdoms. Mance notes they're not in the Seven Kingdoms 
and Stannis and his men aren't dressed for the weather. Stannis says it's customary 
to kneel when surrendering. (Jon is keeping mum.) Mance says they don't kneel. 
Stannis threatens his men, that he will have them in chains with nothing to feed 
them and their treatment relies on their king. All the same, Mance says, they don't 
kneel. 
 
Stannis asks what a member of the Night's Watch is doing with the Wildlings. He 
explains his mission. Davos scolds him for not calling him "your grace." Jon says 
he knows who he is since his father died for Stannis. When they realize he is Ned 
Stark's son they ask what they should do with Mance, what would Ned do? Jon 
notes that he was Mance's prisoner and was neither tortured or hurt and that he 
thinks Ned would take him prisoner and talk to him. Stannis thinks this is a good 
idea and has Davos escort him. Jon adds that if his father had seen what Jon had 
seen he'd also tell Stannis to burn the dead before nightfall, all of them. 
 
The Mountain is lying on his death bed. Maester Pycelle and another doctor are 
trying to cure him from the grave injuries and poisoning. The other man thinks he 
can be saved against Pycelle's wishes. Cersei tells him to do anything he can. He 
notes the cure may "change" the Mountain. She asks if it will weaken him and he 
says "oh no." She tells him to proceed. 
 
Cersei goes to Tywin to again get out of marrying Loras Tyrell, which is now set to 
happen after Tommen marries Margaery. He notes Jaime can't inherit and Tyrion is 
slated to die tomorrow and since she talks about her loyalty to the family all the 
time it's time for her to walk the talk. He starts to tell a story about her childhood 
and she interrupts him saying she doesn't want to hear another story about him 
winning. She says she will not have her last child stolen from her and she will not 
let Margaery and Tywin ruin Tommen, she will burn their house to the ground 
before she lets that happen. He asks how. She says she'll tell everyone the "truth." 
He asks what truth? She has a hard time believing that he never believed the 
rumors of Cersei and Jaime. When she says it flat out he says he doesn't believe 
her. And she looks at him and says "yes you do." 
 



She goes to Jaime and he begins with saying she "won" and now she'll have one 
fewer brother. She talks about family and he notes Tyrion is family. She says he is 
not. He says she doesn't get to choose. She goes on and on again about Tyrion 
"killed" their mother. He argues again that he didn't "decide" to kill her. She says a 
disease doesn't decide to kill you but you still cut it out before it kills you. She asks 
what he chooses. He talks about all he endured to get back to her only to find her.. 
She interrupts and kisses him and says "I choose you." He notes these are just 
words. She says yes, just like the ones she used to tell her father the truth. She said 
she told him she is staying with Tommen and Jaime. He looks confused and asks if 
he'll accept that. She does not care. He asks what she said specifically. She tells 
him not to speak of Tywin. She says she does not love Tywin, she loves her 
brother and her lover and that people can make their jokes she doesn't care she only 
sees what matters and kisses his gold hand. He grabs her and kisses her and as he 
clears the table to make love to her he says someone may walk in. She says she 
doesn't care. 
 
We cut to Dany in her throne room, Missandei at her side. An older man named 
Fennesz has come to speak to her. He is a former slave who taught his master's 
children about history including Dany's family. He says he is homeless. She says 
she has created mess halls and shelters. He reports that these places are rampant 
with the young preying on and stealing from the old. She promises the Unsullied 
will restore order. Even if she does, he wonders who he will be. At his former 
master's home he had respect and love and now he has nothing. He asks to be sold 
back to his master. He says the young may embrace this new world but for the old 
there is only fear and squalor and that he is not alone, many more will ask the 
same. She says she didn't take the city to reinstitute the slavery she sought to 
destroy. She says she will allow him to sign a contract with his former master for a 
period lasting no longer than a year. Barristan notes the master will abuse this new 
proposal. 
 
A crying man approaches with a bundle that he says "came from the sky." It is the 
skeleton of his baby girl. 
 
In her private quarters Dany is told the child was three. She then asks about one of 
her dragons, Drogon. He was spotted three days previously. She says to meet her in 
the catacombs. She goes to have a chat with her two remaining dragons down 
there. They are playing with carcasses. She observes them. (There is a huge chain 
bolted to the floor. She tearfully shackles their necks as they eat. She leaves. They 
cry out to her. She cries as the stone is rolled into place trapping them. 
 
The Maester at the Wall speaks over the bodies of the dead at Castle Black before 
they are burned. Sam and Jon put the torches to the pyre as Stannis and his 
contingent, including his wife and daughter, look on. Jon looks at Melisandre 
across the fire. 



 
Jon goes to see Tormund Wolfsbane as a prisoner. Tormund asks what's going to 
happen and if Stannis is his king now. Jon says he doesn't know and he doesn't 
have a king. He says they're going to burn the bodies of the Wildling dead and did 
Tormund want to say any funeral type words? Tormund notes the dead can't hear 
us. Jon leaves. As he does Tormund asks if he loved her, because Ygritte loved 
him. He says Ygritte belongs in the North, the "real North." Jon goes and gives her 
a proper single pyre burning in the woods. He walks away as it burns. 
 
Out in a blinding snowstorm, Hodor pulls Bran on a sled as JoJen and Meera 
follow and his Dire Wolf runs ahead. JoJen is exhausted and falls. Meera says 
we're not going to make it. JoJen says they are already here. Bran calls out to them 
to look and they see the mighty tree with the red leaves and the face in the trunk. 
They approach. There is a small cave in the base of the earth under the tree. 
 
As they approach White Walkers emerge from the frozen earth beneath them and 
begin attacking them. One attacks Hodor so Bran wargs into his body to fight back. 
Meera and Hodor are successful at fighting off the Walkers but JoJen is essentially 
dead. As two go to attack Bran two fireballs come out of nowhere and destroy 
them. A dirty little wild haired girl and appears and tells Bran to come with her or 
die with JoJen. JoJen says to go. She sits his throat and runs as more Walkers 
attack. The little girl throws a fireball and incinerates JoJen's body and offs a few 
more Walkers. As they run into the cave the Walkers try to follow but implode 
upon entry. The little girl explains that the power that allows them to move doesn't 
work in the cave. Bran asks who she is and she says the first men called them "The 
Children" but they were born long before the first men. She says to follow because 
a man awaits them. They go deeper into the cave which is tangled up with the roots 
of the tree from above. 
 
Hodor places Bran on his belly and scoots up to the three eyed raven of his dreams, 
now in the form of an old man with long white hair. He replies he has been many 
things and now he is what Bran sees. He says he's been watching all of their lives, 
with a 1,000 eyes in one. He says now at last Bran has come to him although the 
hour is late. Bran says he never wanted anyone to die for him. The man says JoJen 
knew what would happen and Bran has come to return what was lost. Bran thinks 
this means he will walk again. The man says he will never walk again but he will 
fly. 
 
Brienne awakes in a field and calls out to Podrick. The horses are gone. 
Apparently, Pod huddled them wrong. She tells him he's carrying the bag. She 
walks up a hill and sees Arya practicing her sword work. 
 
Arya calls out to the Hound that people are coming. Brienne asks if they are 
getting to the Bloody Gate. Arya says 10 miles. Arya asks if she's a knight and 



what her sword's name is. Brienne says no but her sword is called Oathkeeper. 
Arya tells her hers is Needle. After a little girlpower bonding about how both of 
their fathers didn't want to teach them to fight but finally relented, the Hound 
emerges. Pod recognizes him. Brienne realizes who Arya is and tells her of the 
vow she swore to her mother to bring her back safely. The Hound points out that 
Arya's whole family is dead and Brienne didn't do a very good job of protecting 
Catelyn. Arya asks why she didn't. Brienne admits Catelyn asked her to bring 
Jaime Lannister back to King's Landing. The Hound accuses her of working for the 
Lannisters. She says she doesn't but he recognizes their gold and notes her 
Valyrian steel sword. Brienne tells Arya to come with her. She doesn't move. 
 
Brienne and the Hound get into a knock down drag out fight with both getting in 
good licks but Brienne coming out the victor and pushing the Hound off a cliff 
edge where he tumbles into a heap. Brienne looks for Arya but she's gone. She 
heads down to the Hound who is calmly in his death throes. He eventually begs her 
to kill him but she simply plucks his bag of silver and walks off as he screams. 
 
We cut back to Tyrion in his cell. Jaime enters to spring him and they go through a 
series of tunnels to make it to a stairway where Varys is waiting to aid him in his 
escape. They hug goodbye. Jaime kisses him and says "Farewell little brother." 
Tyrion thanks him for his life. Jaime tells him to hurry. 
 
Instead of taking the stairs, Tyrion goes to his father's bedchambers. Shae is in his 
bed. She grabs a knife and she and Tyrion battle. He wrests the knife away and 
chokes her to death in tears. He says "I'm sorry," aloud. He grabs a crossbow from 
the wall and goes to what appears to be his father's restroom. Tywin tells him to 
put down the crossbow and asks who released him. He answers his own question 
knowing that Jaime had a soft spot for him. He says they should go to his chamber 
and talk. Tyrion notes that all his life Tywin has wanted him dead. He agrees but 
respects and admires that Tyrion refused to die and always fought for what was his. 
He claims they have no real plans to execute him since he's a Lannister, his son. 
Tyrion says he loved Shae and that he killed her with his own hands. Tywin says it 
doesn't matter, she was a whore. Tyrion raises the crossbow and tells him to say 
that word again. And what, he asks, he'll kill him in the privy? Tywin says they 
should back to his chambers. Tyrion says he can't because Shae is there. Tywin 
asks if he's afraid of a dead whore. So since he said the word again, Tyrion shoots 
him. Tywin sagely notes he shot him. He says he is no son of his. Tyrion says he's 
always been his son. And then shoots him again, this time dead. 
 
He finally makes his way to Varys who tells him to trust him. He seals him up in a 
box-- with holes and food. The box is hoisted onto a ship. As Varys looks up at 
King's Landing and the castle, he hears bells toll and, realizing there is nothing 
there for him, he heads back to the ship and gets on board with the box. 
 



We cut to a pretty waterfall. Arya rides her horse alongside the harbor. She spies a 
ship in the distance. She speaks to the captain and says she wants to go North to 
the Wall. She offers to work. He says he's not going north, but to Braavos. She 
says she has something, and offers the iron pendant that she was given. He is taken 
aback by the medallion. She says "Valar Morghulis.' He responds and says of 
course, she will have a cabin. The ship sets sail. Arya runs to the bow and watches 
as they head out. 

 

S5, Ep1 

The Wars to Come 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Wars to Come" - April 12, 2015 
 
And we're back! Winter is coming! 
 
So the fifth season premiere was a jam-packed affair with appearances from almost 
all of the major characters, letting us know what's been happening since the season 
finale. 
 
Flashback 
 
We see Cersei's youthful visit to the witch who revealed her future. 
 
Tyrion and Varys 
 
We get to see Tyrion's vantage point from inside his travelling crate from the boat 
through a city to his final destination: the palace of a friend of Varys. Tyrion 
grumbles about having to take the whole journey that way-- including pushing out 
his own poop through the breathing holes--but Varys points out, he had to throw 
that poop overboard, and that he is a very wanted and recognizable man. Once they 
arrive Tyrion begins drinking almost immediately but Varys wants to have a 
serious talk about the future. He waits a couple of minutes as Tyrion throws up 
onto the concrete and takes another swig of wine. He clearly believes that 
Daenerys is the next person who should sit on the Iron Throne and thinks Tyrion 
can help put her there. 
 
They have a series of very funny exchanges in which Varys tries to remind Tyrion 
that he has both a warrior's spirit and compassion in his soul and he needs to find 
those things again for the good of the future of Westeros. 
 
Tyrion reminds Varys that he very recently killed the love of his life with his bare 
hands and shot his own father with a crossbow. "I never said you were perfect," 
says Varys, who thinks it's time for Tyrion to stop pickling his liver and start 



thinking about the future. 
 
Daenerys 
 
The Khaleesi has problems of her own over in Mereen, including the fact that her 
dragons, at least the two she still has locked up, are very grumpy indeed, and have 
gotten considerably larger, and not necessarily interested in listening to mom. 
 
Even though she has done some good there,there is unrest in Mereen and a member 
of the Unsullied is murdered in a brothel by a political uprising group. Her advisors 
tell her that she should bring back the fighting pits-- where slaves used to fight to 
the death. Dany does not want to hear this, she has freed the people and doesn't 
want them fighting for sport. But when Daario Naharis gets her ear-- post-coital-- 
he explains that they could fight as free men. He also shares his story, of how his 
mother was a prostitute who sold him into slavery, and he ended up in those pits. 
By fighting all the different men there, he became the fearsome warrior he is today. 
 
Cersei and Jaime 
 
The intimately involved siblings are again grieving over a corpse. But instead of 
getting randy about it, Cersei is raging mad. Mostly at Jaime for letting Tyrion 
escape and, by proxy, helping kill Tywin who lies in front of them with those 
creepy eye stones over his lids. She rails that he was always Tywin's favorite and 
again gripes about him going into the Kings Guard. 
 
At the funeral she barely contains her rage as people try to share condolences. And 
she flashes back to a time when she was a teenager -- still as haughty as ever -- and 
she and friend went to see a witch in the woods to get Cerseis future read. The 
witch makes Cersei cut her finger so she can drink her blood. (Um, ew.) The witch 
predicted how many kids she would have and got several other things right on the 
nose as well. It does not look like thing bode well for Cersei. 
 
Meanwhile, her husband to be Loras Tyrell has basically given up the pretense of 
disguising his sexuality, taking a male lover and letting him leave his room all 
naked as Margaery enters and scolds him. Loras wonders what the big deal is since 
everybody knows anyway. He figures he probably won't have to marry Cersei now 
since it was Tywin's idea but that she is still stuck in King's Landing. But she is 
clearly doing some scheming because she says she might not be. 
 
Brienne and Pod 
 
After losing Arya Stark at the end of last season-- Brienne was busy kicking the 
Hound's ass-- the travel companions are at a loss as to what to do. He figures that 
he'll just keep traveling with her and that maybe they can find Sansa. But Brienne 



is beyond dispirited and the idea of spending more time with her "squire" is not 
cheering her up since she's not actually a knight. She grouses that all she ever 
wanted was a Lord she could believe in and that she herself is no leader. As the 
scene turns to Sansa and Littlefinger headed west, another near miss from Brienne 
and Sansa. 
 
Sansa and Littlefinger And speaking of Sansa, after she and Littlefinger have 
wisely dropped off Robyn Arryn at a training school for boys-- where it looks like 
he'll have a lot of catching up to do with the regular boys-- he says it's time for 
them to take a trip. But she can tell in their carriage that he is not going the way 
that he told others they were going. Of course, Littlefinger has a new plan up his 
sleeve and he says they will going to a place where they will be safe. 
 
Jon Snow, Mance Rayder, and Stannis Baratheon Over at the Wall, the Night's 
Watch is regrouping and Jon Snow is actually busy training the young boy who 
killed Ygritte to fight. Stannis Baratheon wants Jon to break from the Night's 
Watch and help him fight to take back Winterfell and beyond. Jon isn't so sure 
about all of that. But when Stannis asks him to try and persuade Mance Rayder to 
bend the knee to Stannis-- hopefully throwing the fighting forces of the free folk 
behind Stannis who says he will give them land and freedom south of the wall if 
they fight for him-- Jon sees the wisdom of this since it means death for Mance 
otherwise. 
 
But Mance won't budge, even though this means he will be burned alive. Jon 
pleads with him not to let his pride get in the way of his life and maybe the 
betterment of the lives of his people. He points out that Mance was able to unite 
incredibly disparate groups and that power could mean something in the future. He 
thinks Mance is making a mistake. Mance points out that he is making that mistake 
as a free man. 
 
When Stannis is told of his decision you can see that even though it isn't what he 
wanted that he admires Mance's commitment. Melisandre gets up and mumbo 
jumbos about fire and god and good and evil and the choices we all have to make, 
and then lights Mance on fire. Everyone watches, flinching as the flames lick at his 
body. The Wildlings cringe, Gilly buries her head in Sam's chest. Jon stalks away. 
As he's about to feel the worst of it, out of nowhere he gets an arrow to the heart. 
Jon Snow has spared him from the worst of the suffering. 
 
(So, that means we did not check in tonight with Arya Stark or Bran Stark.) 

 

S5, Ep2 

The House of Black and White 



•  "Game of Thrones" - "The House of Black and White" April 19, 2015 
 
More big doings all over the place tonight as we check in with multiple characters. 
 
Arya 
 
We start with Arya who finally arrives in Braavos and stares in awe at the 
behemoth Titan statue guarding the city. Her benefactor drops her off at the House 
of Black and White, a huge stone structure that has one black door and one white 
door. She knocks on the black door and a man answers but tells her that no one by 
the name of Jaqen H'ghar is there and seems unimpressed by the pendant that he 
gave her. So she sits on the steps with nowhere else to go, reciting her revenge list 
("Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant") for a day or two in the rain 
and shine. She then stands, tosses the pendant into the water and heads to the city. 
There she kills a pigeon for food and soon after some older boys stop her. She 
draws her sword and is ready to take on all three until the man from the B/W house 
appears out of nowhere and scares them away. He takes her back to the B/W house 
and flips her her pendant which she threw in the canaland says she lost something. 
Suddenly the man's face changes into the Jaqen Hghar that she knew. She is 
confused. He says there is no man by that name. She asks who he is and he says no 
one, which is what she must become, and he invites her in. 
 
Brienne and Pod; Sansa and Littlefinger 
 
By coincidence this foursome all decide to stop at the same saloon at the same time 
for a bite to eat and drink. While Pod is busy ogling the ale girl he sees Sansa and 
Littlefinger and alerts Brienne. Brienne, of course, throws caution to the wind and 
goes right up to them explaining her whole deal about being Catelyn Stark's sworn 
sword and her vow to save Sansa. Littlefinger says her track record isnt very good 
since both Renly and Catelyn died on her watch and she was accused of killing 
Renly to boot. 
 
She explains about the whole "Stannis shadow monster" thing but that only garners 
giggles from Littlefinger's group of knights. He says she is a stranger and he is 
family to Sansa now, her uncle since marrying Lyssa Arryn, and they don't want or 
need her around. Brienne tries to beseech Sansa but Sansa has nothing but disdain 
since she saw Brienne kneel before Joffrey. Brienne points out that nobody really 
wanted to do that but you know, hey, he was king and sheand others there like 
Sansadidn't have a choice. Sansa says she does now and agrees with Littlefinger 
that she should bugger off. 
 
They clearly mean to detain her, however and Brienne is too smart for that. She 
busts some skulls and then takes off, slicing up a few others for good measure as 
she Pod ride off. 



 
They are pursued by three of Littlefinger's men. Pod's horse goes rogue and dumps 
him in the water while Brienne gives the pursuers the slip. When Pod heads back 
to the road a man comes at him but Brienne saves his life and then handily 
dispatches with the two others. She tells Pod she saw which way Littlefinger's 
caravan was going and they will follow. Pod notes that since both Stark girls 
refused her service maybe she is released from her vows. She asks Pod if she 
thinks Sansa is safe with Littlefinger. He begrudgingly agrees she is not and they 
head off to follow the trail. 
 
Tyrion and Varys 
 
The dynamic duo are also on the road in a fancy stagecoach which Tyrion is 
grumpy about. He wants to take a walk. Varys notes that Cersei has offered a 
lordship for his head. Varys starts in again about their need to find a good ruler. 
Tyrion says everywhere already has a ruler. Varys compliments the great promise 
Tyrion himself showed as a ruler when he was the Hand of the King-- in addition 
to killing people. Tyrion says he was a servant. He notes Shae begged him to leave 
King's Landing and he wouldnt because he liked it, even as a servant. They discuss 
how the upper classes, the servants, and lower classes all despise each other. 
Tyrion reiterates his desire to simply take a walk. Varys notes the bounty again. 
Tyrion wonders if she's just going to kill all the dwarves that walk the land. 
 
We get the answer, a resounding yes, when we smash cut to the head of dwarf 
being slammed on a table in front of Cersei and Qyburn back in King's Landing. 
"Not him," she sniffs. Creepy Qyburn asks to keep the head. 
 
Cersei, Jaime, and the Small Council 
 
Prior to that mix-up, Cersei and Jaime unwrap a most unpleasant present from 
Dorne. Hanging in the jaws of a fearsome snake sculpture is a necklace that Cersei 
gave to Myrcella, who you may remember they sent off to Dorne to marry the 
Prince's son. 
 
They both recognize it as a threat against their daughter. They know the people of 
Dorne blame Oberyn Martell's death on them. After a whole bunch of sniping at 
Jaime about how worthless he has been, Jaime swears he will go to Dorne and 
spirit Myrcella away. She says that would be an act of war. Jaime says he will do it 
on the QT. She scoffs at the idea that a one-handed man is going to rescue their 
daughter alone. He notes he never said he was going alone and heads off to enlist 
Bronn to help him, promising him a better girl to marry and a better castle to live 
in when he gets back from Dorne. 
 
In Dorne, Cersei was right, Oberyn's lady friend Ellaria Sand is hopping mad. She 



goes to the Prince, Oberyn's brother, who looks like he may be in a wheelchair, and 
demands justice and says the Sand Snakes are with her. The Prince notes that it 
was a trial by combat so it doesn't count as murder so he will bury and mourn his 
brother but he isn't seeking vengeance. 
 
She is enraged and sees Mycella Baratheon (but really Lannister) making kissy 
face with her boyfriend, the future king and says she wants to send her back to 
Cersei piece by piece. The prince notes that he is not having that and they don't not 
mutilate little girls for vengeance while he is charge. She wonders aloud how long 
that will be, which does not escape the notice of the Prince's guard. 
 
Back in King's Landing, after dismissing the wrong dwarf head, Cersei convenes a 
meeting of the small council who are aghast when she--a WOMAN--sits in the seat 
meant for the Hand of the King. 
 
She says she won't be serving as Hand, just helping run the meetings at the behest 
of her son while he comes of age. (She also notes Jaime is off on a sensitive 
diplomatic mission.) She quickly gives everyone at the table a promotion-- Lord 
Tyrell will be master of ships and coin, her creepy ex-Maester buddy Qyburn will 
be master of whispers, much to the chagrin of Pycelle, and she makes Uncle Kevan 
master of war. 
 
Kevan says he doesn't take orders from the Queen Mother and when King Tommen 
calls for him to convey his wishes he will be ready, but until then he's going back 
to Casterley Rock because he's not going to be her puppet. 
 
The Wall 
 
Stannis's daughter Shireen is very sweetly teaching Gilly to read in the library at 
Castle Black as Sam sits in another corner and reads. 
 
They discuss Shireen's grayscale disfigurement. Two of Gilly's sisters had it and it 
turned them rabid and she wonders how Shireen was cured. She isn't sure but 
knows many people tried. Her mother arrives and dismisses Sam and Gilly and 
tells Shireen to stay away from them because they could try to strike at Stannis by 
hurting her. Shireen can't picture the two most docile people at the Wall hurting her 
but her mother doesn't want to hear it. 
 
Stannis is mad at Jon Snow for showing mercy to Mance Rayder noting that if you 
show too much kindness, people won't fear you and then they won't follow you. 
Jon says it doesn't really matter since the free folk won't follow Stannis anyway 
after what he did to Mance. 
 
Stannis wonders if they'd follow Jon Snow and he says they would only follow one 



of their own. Stannis share a note from from Bear Island for whom he asked for 
help and they said there is only one king and his name is Stark. Jon smirks a bit at 
this and then apologizes and says northerners can be like free folk, difficult to 
control and only loyal to their own. Stannis notes there will be a vote that night for 
a new Lord Commander of the Night's Watch and since Alliser Thorne is going to 
win Jon's life will probably be terrible going forward. Jon agrees but says he swore 
an oath. Stannis says Jon showed bravery and that made Alliser look weak and he 
would never punish a man for bravery. 
 
And then Stannis offers him something he's always wanted. He says Jon Snow can 
give him the north. Jon says he can't since he is a bastard, a Snow. Stannis says if 
he kneels before him and swears his fealty he will rise Jon Stark, lord of 
Winterfell. 
 
Later when he tells Sam, Sam is thrilled for him. Jon says it's the first thing he can 
remember wanting. But, Jon says he will refuse because it he can't take his own 
vows to the Night's Watch seriously how could he be noble enough to be a lord? 
 
They are in the common area and all of the crows are there, it's time for the vote 
for the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. One man rises and speaks for 
Alliser. Another speaks for someone named Dennis. And just as the nominations 
are about to close, Sam bursts out with a nomination for Jon--busting on Lord 
Janus for hiding during the battle in the process. He eloquently speaks of Jon's 
accomplishments and says he was the commander they turned too when the night 
was darkest. 
 
Alliser notes that Jon Snow loved a wildling and his allegiances might not be true. 
The vote is taken. When Maester Aemon is told it is a tie, he breaks the tie in Jon's 
favor and many of the men cheer and chant Snow! Snow! Snow! He is 
gobsmacked. 
 
Daenarys 
 
In search of the man who killed the member of the Unsullied in the premiere, 
Daario leads Grey Worm around the bowels of the city. He notes the Unsullied are 
too conspicuous and don't blend in like Second Sons because they don't drink, 
whore, or fight. 
 
They enter an apartment that appears to be empty but then Daario stabs into the 
wall and they find the man, calling him Son of Harpy. Dany meets with her 
council, including Daario, Barristan, Grey Worm, Missandei, a former slave, and a 
man from the former ruling class. They all argue for different ways of dealing with 
the man, killing him outright versus a fair trial. She listens to their various 
passionate arguments and dismisses them. 



 
Barristan hangs back and says he wants to talk to her about her dad. He was there 
when the Mad King truly went mad and set towns and castles aflame and burned 
men alive with wildfire and laughed as they screamed. Barristan says these 
methods sowed seeds of revolution that killed every Targaryen except two, Dany 
and her brother. She says she's not her father. He agrees and thanks the gods. He 
says the Mad King meted out the justice he thought people deserved and each time 
it made him feel powerful and right. She agrees that what the Son of Harpy 
deserves is a fair trial. 
 
But the former slave on her council takes matters into his own hands and kills the 
Son of Harpy and displays his body in public with the masks they use. Dany calls 
him before her. He says he knew her hands were tied so he did what she could not. 
Dany knows that she cannot let this stand and orders him to death. 
 
She walks the streets of Meereen as former slaves call out "Mhysa" (Mother) to 
her. The former slave owners stand on the other side, glowering. She addresses the 
crowd, saying she promised them freedom and justice and notes one cannot exist 
without the other. She brings the killer down and says he killed a man who was 
awaiting a fair trial and the punishment is death. He pleads for mercy as do the 
other former slaves. She gives the nod. Daario does the job, beheading him. 
 
The former slaves begin hissing at her. She is taken aback. One throws a rock at 
the former masters and fighting breaks out. They hustle her away. The Unsullied 
try to hold the line but the fighting continues. Later that night in her quarters, all of 
her guys say they will guard her this night. She asks them to leave. She hears a 
noise and goes to look outside. Her errant dragon has returned! She goes to touch 
his nose. But before she can he flies off again. 

 

S5, Ep3 

High Sparrow 

•  "Game of Thrones"- "High Sparrow" - April 26, 2015 
 
Bravvos: Arya 
 
We open inside the House of Black and White from last week. 
 
As Arya sweeps in one corner of a vast room whose walls are lined by statues, a 
seemingly desperate man is given a drink from the circular pool in the center of a 
room by Jaqen H'aghar. He then kneels to pray before one of the statues. Other 
men are doing this. 
 



Arya notes she has been sweeping for days and wants to begin her apprenticeship 
to become a "faceless man." Jaqen notes that all men must serve. She didnt think 
that would mean sweeping. She wants to serve as a faceless man. He says she 
wants to serve herself and must serve god, noting "There is only one god, the girl 
knows his name and all men know his gift." He walks away. A door opens and 
men come to carry a seemingly dead man out on a gurney. She asks where he is 
being taken and gets no answer. 
 
Arya is hanging out in her room when another girl enters. She asks who she is and 
says she doesn't deserve to be there and didn\'t earn her coin nor respect its value. 
She again asks who she is. Arya says "no one" and the girl whacks her with a stick 
and asks again and it goes on. Arya gets justifiably angry and says the girl is about 
to find out and goes for Needle. Jaqen enters and the other girl says they were 
playing the game of faces. Jaqen says she is not ready. Arya says she is ready for 
anything she needs to do to be a faceless man. He notes she is still clad in Arya 
Stark's clothes and surrounded by her things so how can she claim to be no one? 
 
She changes into the same kind of plain dress the other girl was wearing and heads 
to the water and sinks her clothes, silver, and her coinagain. She tries to toss 
Needle but it is her last remaining tie to her father and family and she begins to 
weep and can't do it. Instead she hides under a nearby pile of rocks. 
 
Back in the House she sweeps some more. When men carry a guy back on a 
gurney she doesn't even notice. Until she sees they left the door open. Before she 
can sneak in, Jaqen appears and leads her through. They go down some stairs and 
into a chamber where one of the dead men lies, the girl that hit Arya is there. 
Silently, she follows the girl's lead and helps take off the man's shirt and they begin 
washing him. She asks what they do after they wash them and the girl does not 
answer. 
 
King's Landing: Margaery, Tommen, and Cersei 
 
Margaery and Tommen marry. Everyone claps, even Cersei. 
 
We cut to their marital bed where both are out of breath. He is scared he hurt her 
and she assures him he did not and says it was lovely and calls him the sweetest 
king that ever lived. He says he wants to do it all day every day for the rest of his 
life. They talk about getting used to words like king, queen, husband and wife. He 
says he sometimes thinks that he got the most beautiful woman all because his 
brother died. She tells him not to feel guilty. He says what's odd is that he doesn't. 
They learn that they both love to sail and decide that this means they will be happy 
forever. 
 
She wastes no time planting seeds of division. She claims it's wonderful having 



Cersei watch over them and then wonders aloud if Cersei likes it in King's 
Landing. He says he thinks she misses home. Margaery notes Cersei is so 
protective, especially given all the death she's been throughhusband, son, fatherthat 
she will never let him out of her sight. 
 
We cut to Cersei and Tommen walking and him immediately asking if she misses 
Casterley Rock since it's where she grew up. She says this is her real home and 
wants to stay in King's Landing. He says he just wants her to be happy. 
 
She goes to see Margaery, who is regaling her ladies in waiting with tales of 
Tommen's enthusiasm. She calls her mother but asks what the protocol is, does she 
call her Queen Mother or Dowager Queen? Cersei, who came to let her know if 
she needs anything to just ask, bristles at all of this, especially when she tells her 
about Tommen's prowess-- half lion, half stagand says she'll be Queen 
Grandmother soon. Cersei notes what a lovely day that will be. She walks away 
and she can hear the ladies laughing. 
 
The High Septon, whom we just saw marry Margaery and Tommen, is in 
Littlefinger's old brothel picking women when a group of the super religious 
Sparrows enter and castigate him for making a mockery of religion. They drag him 
out and force him to walk naked through the streets and beat him. 
 
He heads to the Small Council to complain and basically asks for their leader's 
head on a stick. 
 
Cersei goes to see the High Sparrow in a filthy area where he is feeding the hungry 
and poor and shoeless. She notes that probably wasn't the best approach to take, 
beating the Gods' servant. He notes that hypocrisy is a boil and that lancing boil is 
never pleasant. She says the High Septon wants her to execute him but she agrees 
with the High Sparrow and says that the man's behavior and attitude were corrosive 
so she threw him in the dungeon. She is clearly impressed by the High Sparrow 
and notes that faith and the crown are the two pillars that hold up the world and 
that they must protect one another. 
 
She goes to see her creepy guy Qyburn and asks him to send a raven requesting a 
meeting with Littlefinger and to make sure he is clear on the meaning of the word 
immediately. 
 
Winterfell: Theon, Roose, and Ramsey 
 
Theon walks through the yard at Winterfell where many men are busy fixing things 
up. 
 
He comes upon two men hoisting up a pair of flayed bodies, Roose's signature and 



sigil as youll recall. Theon is horrified. 
 
We cut to him serving Roose and Ramsey food. Roose explains that they can't hold 
the north with terror alone. Ramsey points out that the flayed bodies were of 
people loyal to the Starks and wouldn't pay taxes to the Boltons and that he killed 
the couple and made the son watch. The son then paid the taxes. No dummy, he. 
 
That's all well and good says Roose but they got powerful by building alliances 
with powerful people, not flaying them. So, now that Tywin Lannister is dead and 
they can't count on that family to send an army this far north if needed, they need 
to make an alliance a new way. He announces it's time for Ramsey to marry and he 
has the perfect girl to solidify their hold on the north. Theon listens to all of this 
silently but intently. 
 
Moat Cailin: Sansa and Littlefinger 
 
Sansa and Littlefinger arrive at Moat Cailin, a dark and foreboding collection of 
towers ruled by the Boltons, and she says she remembers it from a trip as a child. 
Littlefinger admits it does look a bit shabby but that he is taking her home to 
Winterfell. She begins to realize what this means, the marriage proposal he spoke 
of was for her, not himself. She begins to panic and points out that Roose Bolton 
murdered her brother and took Winterfell and works for the Lannisters and she 
won't marry him. He says Winterfell is hers and her place is in the north and thats 
she's not marrying Roose but Ramsey, his heir who will one day be warden of the 
north. She continues to protest. He says he won't force her to do anything because 
he cares about her and if she wants to go they will go but she must know that she 
will have to continue running and she needs to stop being a bystander. He says 
there is no justice in the world unless they make it. He says she loved her family 
and she should avenge them. He kisses her forehead. 
 
She acquiesces and they ride on to Winterfell. With two sets of eyes watching as 
they go. 
 
Sansa and Littlefinger ride into Winterfell. Theon watches from above, agitated. 
 
Littlefinger presents her to Bolton and after a moment she bows to him. He 
introduces Ramsey who kisses her hand. 
 
She's shown to a room and the maid says "Welcome home Lady Stark, the North 
remembers." 
 
Sansa walks about Winterfell as Ramsey tells Littlefinger he will never hurt her. 
Littlefinger asks after his lordship and Ramsey notes he was just recently made a 
lord. Roose arrives and dismisses Ramsey. He asks after Littlefinger's loyalties to 



the Lannisters. Littlefinger notes that Tywin's dead, Cersei's power is waning, 
Tommen is soft and Jaime has one hand so he's not worried about any 
consequences for giving Sansa to him. His message from Cersei has found its way 
from the Eryie to Winterfell and Roose read it. He wonders why Littlefinger is 
gambling his position. Littlefinger notes that every ambitious move is a gamble, 
just like Roose's killing of Robb Stark and that's worked out. He also tells Roose 
that since the Eryie is his now they can be powerful since the last time the l.ords of 
the Eyrie and the North aligned they brought down the greatest dynasty the world 
has ever known. He says he needs to reply to Cersei. Roose would like to read that 
reply. 
 
Near Moat Cailin: Brienne and Pod 
 
Brienne and Pod watch as Sansa and Littlefinger pass by Moat Cailin. She says 
they'll take the long way around to go undetected and it won't matter if they lose 
them because she knows where they're going. 
 
They chat about their pasts and she asks how he came to work for Tyrion. He 
explains that even though Tywin gave him to his son as a form of punishment it 
worked out since he was very good to him. She gets churlish and notes every lord 
he worked for was good to him and she's sorry he has to squire for such a nasty 
person. Because Pod is the very best, he says he's proud to be her squire since she's 
the best fighter he's ever seen and beat the Hound. She softens and apologizes for 
snapping all the time. He says if she didn't, he wouln't learn. She asks if he wants 
to be a knight and he does. She says they will start training, twice a day. She says 
she can't knight him but she can teach him how to fight. He says he supposes that's 
more important. He asks how she came to serve Renly, who Tyrion says was a 
good man. She agrees he was and explains. 
 
When her father was looking to marry he off he had a great ball where dozens of 
young lords came and danced and were sweet to her and didn't seem to notice how 
mulish and tall she was. It was the best night of her life until she realized they were 
making fun of her as a game. They called her "Brienne the Beauty" as a joke and 
she realized "I was the ugliest girl alive." She wanted to run away but Renly took 
her in his arms and told her not let them see her tears beause they were nasty little 
shits unworthy of her tears. Pod wonders why he did this since he was gay. Brienne 
gets testy and says "yes he liked men, he danced with me because he was kind and 
didn't want to see me hurt." She says from that day until his last day she swore to 
protect him as part of his King's Guard, but couldnt save him and notes that 
nothing's more hateful than failing to protect the one you love. But now she plans 
to avenge him by killing Stannis. 
 
The Wall: Stannis, Jon, and his buddy 
 



Meanwhile, at the Wall Stannis, Davos, and the little boy who killed Ygritte, 
Ollywho is now Jon Snow's stewardhave a sit down. Jon says he considered 
Stannis's offer to be Jon Stark but he swore an oath to the Night's Watch and now 
he is Lord Commander and his place is here. Stannis points out that Jon is as 
honorable and stubborn as his father. Jon calls this high praise but Stannis says he 
didn't mean it as praise since his honor got Ned killed. 
 
Jon asks how long they'll be staying because food is becoming an issue since he's 
feeding his men, Stannis' men and the wildling prisoners and winter is coming. 
Stannis says he knows and they are going to leave in a fortnight ahead of the snow. 
He leaves the fate of wildlings to Jon. He also advises him to send Alliser Thorne 
away. But Jon said he heard you were supposed to keep enemies close. Stannis 
says whoever said that didn't have many enemies and leaves. 
 
Davos stays behind and tells him that Stannis believes in him. Jon says he is sorry 
he disappointed him. He says Stannis just wants to do right by the Seven 
Kingdoms. Jon notes that he does, as long as he's ruling them. Davos snappishly 
points out that it is Stannis's blood right to the throne. Jon says he's sworn to steer 
clear of politics. At that Davos asks Olly to repeat the vow of the Night's Watch 
and stops him when he gets to the part about how they will be "the shield that 
guards the realms of men." Stannis says Jon would be better off trying to do that 
not sitting at a frozen castle at the end of the world but by helping Stannis with the 
fight because as long as the Bolton's rule the north, the north will suffer. 
 
Jon holds his first big meeting as Lord Commander, Maester Aemon is not there, 
he's not feeling well. 
 
He announces they need to dig a new latrine pit and announces they need a latrine 
captain and picks Brian because he says it seems like a good job for a Ginger. He 
addresses Ser Alliser and everyone thinks hes going to lower the boom. But instead 
he says nice things to him about his service and bravery in battle and names him 
"First Ranger." But when it comes to Lord Janus he is not so kind. He tells him he 
is going to send him to command of Gray Guard. This is a crap assignment at the 
end of the world and Janus balks. Loudly, talking back to Jon and telling him to 
take the assignment and stick it up his bastard ass. Jon makes sure that he's hearing 
what he thinks, that Janus is disobeying a command. He is. Jon tells the men to 
take him outside and asks Olly to bring him his sword. Alliser stands aside from 
Janus and lets them take him. They bring to him to the chopping block. Jon asks if 
he has any last words. 
 
Stannis watches from afar. When Janus realizes he is serious he begs and 
apologizes. Jon raises the sword. Janus begs for mercy and says he's afraid, he's 
always been afraid. Jon chops off his head anyway. Stannis gives Jon the nod of 
approval. There's a new Lord Commander in town now, yall! 



 
Volantis: Tyrion and Varys 
 
The buddies are still riding and Tyrion is gripped with cabin fever. Varys 
continually reminds him of the bounty on his head. Tyrion no longer cares and says 
he will be of no use to Daenerys Targaryen if he is crazy. So they stop in a very 
crazy, busy, dirty city Volantis where he claims he can just be one more drunk 
dwarf. 
 
They mosey around the market, Tyrion gets some booze and they take in a Red 
Priestess preaching to a flock in the square about the "dragon queen." Tyrion kids 
Varys that he didn't realize they were going to meet the savior. But when the 
woman stares right at him they hotfoot it out of there to a brothel. He finds a 
woman he likes but when the moment arrives to head to a room he realizes he can't 
do it, much to his own shock. He says he hopes this passes. 
 
But he won't get to find out because also hanging out in this brothel is a very 
agitate Ser Jorah who sees him and when he is away from Varys, he kidnaps him!! 
Lucky he had that rope and ball gag handy! 

 

S5, Ep4 

Sons of the Harpy 

•  "Game of Thrones" "Sons of Harpy" May 3, 2015 
 
Ser Jorah and Tyrion 
 
We open on water, a man gets out of a small boat and walks to the shore with a 
basket and is promptly knocked out by Ser Jorah. He takes the still bound and 
gagged Tyrion and tosses him in the boat and shoves off. 
 
Tyrion convinces Jorah to take off his gag, mainly by being irritating. He asks who 
he is. Jorah only says "your captor." He is disappointed there is no wine and says 
he can't sleep without it. Jorah tells him to stay awake. Tyrion says he's going the 
wrong way since Cersei is in Westeros which is west. Jorah says they are going 
East to Dany, who is the queen he serves. Tyrion laughs at the irony and notes 
that's where he was going anyway so it was a waste of a kidnapping. He notes all 
of Jorah's things and that he is a down on his luck man from the West in Essos and 
surmises exactly who he is. He asks how he was serving Dany in a whorehouse 
half a world away. He asks why she sent him away and also remembers that he was 
sent to spy on her and found out and exiled him and now he hopes to win her favor 
back by giving her Tyrion. He wonders if Jorah thinks Dany will execute Tyrion 
and pardon him? He says he thinks the reverse is just as likely. Jorah says nothing 



and smacks him across the face. 
 
En route to Dorne: Jaime and Bronn 
 
On a much larger vessel, Jaime and Bronn sail past the isle of Tarth on the way to 
Dorne, and Jaime clearly thinks of Brienne. 
 
In the hold Bronn asks why they aren't sailing on a Lannister ship. Jaime explains 
the covert mission of rescuing his niece Myrcella. Bronn is all smirky like "Your 
niece?" Jaime says nothing. Bronn wonders why he's doing this since he's so 
recognizable. Instead of getting into the nitty gritty of it about Cersei he simply 
says "It has to be me." Bronn wonders if Jaime set Tyrion free. Jaime says Varys 
set him free. Bronn says if he ever sees the "little fucker" to give him his regards. 
Jaime notes that Tyrion killed their father and so if he ever sees him he will split 
him in two, and then give him Bronn's regards. 
 
Bronn and Jaime make landfall in Dorne in the morning after a lot of rowing by 
Bronn. They sleep and enjoy a little breakfast. They discuss the best ways to die, 
Bronn would choose in his own keep, drinking his own wine, watching his sons 
grovel for his fortune. Jaime was hoping for something exciting. Bronn says he's 
had an exciting life and wants a boring death. Jaime wants to die in the arms of his 
lover. He asks if she wants the same thing. Jaime doesn't answer and says it's time 
to go. Bronn asks about the captain and whether he'll snitch on Jaime. Jaime says 
he paid him handsomely not to squeal. Four Dorne-ish riders approach. They try to 
hide but can't. Bronn approaches and says he's glad they found him. He claims he 
is named Cooper and that Jaime is Darnell and that their boat capsized in the night 
and they managed to swim ashore. The men force them to disarm. Bronn pretends 
to do so and then quickly kills two of them. He slows one down for Jaime so he 
can fight. He does so triumphantly with his left hand. It ain't easy but he wins, 
thanks to his fake hand being able to grab the other guy's sword. Bronn praises him 
and says he had a wonderful teacher. 
 
They take two of the Dorne-ish men's horses. Bronn is happy. Jaime says they have 
to bury the bodies so as not to raise questions. Bronn is annoyed. 
 
Elsewhere on the beach at Dorne, Ellaria rides to meet three women she calls her 
daughters. She explains they have to avenge Oberynn since the King will do 
nothing. They point out they have no army. Ellaria says they don't need an army 
when they have Myrcella as a bargaining chip. One of her daughters uncovers a 
man buried up to his neck in the sand with snakes crawling on his face. He is the 
ship captain that Jaime bribed, but not well enough. He blabbed Jaime's plan. 
Ellaria realizes if he gets to Myrcella first they are screwed. She says they need to 
choose between the king's way of peace or her way of war. All three daughters are 
with her. 



 
King's Landing: Cersei, Loras, Margaery, Tommen, High Sparrow, the Sparrows 
 
At a small council meeting The Queen Mother is getting a very bad financial 
update from the Master of Coin Tyrell about the Lannister holdings in the Iron 
Bank and how they've called in a quarter of their debt, which they can only pay 
half of. And with winter coming things are dire. Tyrell offers to front them a loan. 
She says he's done enough and they would be better off going to the Iron Bank in 
person and negotiating better terms. She sends him off to Braavos with his own 
Kingsguard security which clearly tickles him. Grand Maester Pycelle notes that 
the small council has grown even smaller. She notes "not small enough." Qyburn 
smirks at all of this. 
 
Cersei hosts the High Sparrow and offers him wine but he demurs, not enjoying the 
taste. He asks how he may serve. She notes that all over Westeros septs are being 
burned and "silent sisters" raped and priests being murdered. The High Sparrow 
says war teaches people to obey the sword not the gods. She says perhaps the gods 
need a sword of their own and recommends resurrecting the ancient army of Faith 
Militant who dispensed "the justice of the Seven." He notes the Faith Militant was 
disarmed two centuries ago but she says if she explains their holy purpose to King 
Tommen she believes he would resurrect it and the High Sparrow would be its 
leader and could arm the congregants he felt worthy of defending the bodies and 
souls of the common people and serve the gods. He says it is an honor he never 
expected or wished for. She says this is why he was chosen and notes that the most 
wicked are often the most wealthy and beyond the punishment of the king. He 
notes all sinners are equal in the eyes of the gods. She notes she knows of one 
sinner in King's Landing, shielded by gold and privilege. He says "may the father 
judge him justly." 
 
We cut to the Sparrows, now armed as the Faith Militant, attacking a market. 
Spilling wine and destroying artifacts. They then attack Littlefinger's brothel, 
striking down patrons and prostitutes. They reserve their worst punishment for a 
gay nobleman they find. 
 
Meanwhile, the one Sparrow we have come to know is getting the order's symbol 
carved into his head. They all have it. He, with a group of other robed Sparrows, 
goes and seizes Loras Tyrell and "arrests" him for breaking the laws of gods and 
men with his homosexuality. He asks the men who they think they are. The 
Sparrow: "Justice." (Well, now we know why Cersei sent Lord Tyrell away.) 
 
An outraged Margaery goes to Tommen and demands to know why this has 
happened. He says he knows nothing about it. She says arresting Loras is Cersei's 
revenge against Margaery for taking Tommen away from her. She asks if he has 
any affection for her. He says he does. She says she can't bear to think of her 



brother locked away in a grimy cell. 
 
Tommen goes to Cersei and demands Loras be freed. She notes she didn't arrest 
him. He says no but she demanded the arming of the Faith Militant who are now an 
army. She says yes, they can't allow the Queen's brother to be arrested no matter 
his perversions. Tommen asks if he can tell Margaery she will release Loras. She 
notes again she is not holding him and says since he is the King he should ask the 
High Sparrow to release him. 
 
Tommen goes to see him but a group of Sparrows blocks his way. His Kingsguard 
offers to kill them all, and send them to the gods they love. Suddenly the people 
around the High Sparrow's church start calling him a bastard and an abomination. 
He is intimidated. He says he will find another way. He goes to Margaery and says 
he could not free Loras without violence. She notes he is the king and supreme 
ruler and can't allow fanatics to imprison her brother. He says he is going to speak 
to the High Sparrow, she wonders when. He says soon. She goes to send word to 
her grandmother. Tommen wonders if she will return. She says she needs to be 
with her family. 
 
The Wall: Jon Snow, Sam, Stannis, Selys, and Melisandre.. 
 
Jon Snow trains men in the courtyard at Castle Black and Selyse and Stannis watch 
and she notes he thinks highly of this boy, a bastard by some tavern slut. Stannis 
says he does and maybe he is but that wasnt Ned Stark's way. She wishes she 
could've given him a a son. He says it's not her fault. She says she gave him 
nothing but deformity in Shirleen. Melisandre arrives and says that Shirleen's scars 
mean nothing to the lord of the light since she has the king's blood in her. She 
dismisses Selyse and then makes Stannis assure her that he is taking her with him 
when he marches on Winterfell. He says he will since he needs her. He asks what 
she needs and she says "To serve my lord." 
 
Jon Snow is signing letters Sam is putting in front of him, they are letters asking 
prominent noblemen to send men to help protect the Wall during the winter. He 
balks when he sees a letter asking Roose Bolton for help since he murdered Jon's 
brothers. Sam says they swore to be watchers on the wall and they can't do that 
with 50 men and can't do that without help from warden of the north. Jon signs. 
 
Melisandre swans in and he asks how he can help her. She notes he can ride south 
with them as a guide since he knows the north well and Winterfell best and 
wonders if he doesn't want to chase rats out of Winterfell. Jon reiterates Castle 
Black is home now and the Night's Watch doesn't get involved in politics or war. 
She says there is only one war and asks him to come and see something. He says if 
it's visions he's not interested because he doesn't believe in them. She instead offers 
the vision of her naked form which he does seem to find transfixing. She babbles 



on about making life and how he ignores his own power and he should embrace it 
and if they joined together there would be even more power. But he's not really 
listening because she placed his hand to her breast. Jon does snap out of it however 
and does not break his vows again because he still loves Ygritte. She leaves and 
says "You know nothing Jon Snow." 
 
Shireen goes to see her dad. Stannis does not seem happy to see her. He asks if she 
is lonely. She says bored. He says his father said boredom showed a lack of inner 
resources. She tells him she's glad she came since her mother told her she didn't 
want to bring her. Stannis says she shouldn't have said that. Shireen asks if Stannis 
is ashamed of her. He tells her a story about her infancy and how he got a doll from 
her from a Dorne-ish man and how happy she was when she got it in her cradle. He 
says by the time they burned the doll it was too late. He was told she would die or 
worse, the greyscale would take her slowly. He was advised to send her away and 
he told them to go to hell and he called in every Maester and they saved her and he 
didn't want to send her away because she was a princess in House Baratheon and 
his daughter and he loves her. She hugs him. 
 
Winterfell: Sansa, Littlefinger, the Boltons 
 
Sansa lights a candle in the catacombs for her family. Littlefinger comes and notes 
that she is lighting a candle for her aunt Leanna, whom her father said was quite 
beautiful. Littlefinger says he met her once at Haarenhall, she was already 
promised to Robert. He was a boy from nowhere and he watched a great 
tournament between Barristan Selmy and Rhaegar Targaryen. Rhaegar won, rode 
past his wife and made a crown of winter roses and laid it in Leanna's lap. He 
wonders how many thousands had to die because Rhaegar chose Sansa's aunt. 
Sansa says he chose her and then he kidnapped her and raped her. Littlefinger leads 
her away from "somewhere the dead can't hear us." She asks where he is going. He 
says Cersei sent for him and he has to go to King's Landing to keep her off the 
scent. She doesn't want to be left alone here. But he assures that Stannis is on the 
way to the rescue and will eventually take the iron throne. He says a betting man 
would bet on Sannis and he is a betting man. He thinks Stannis will name her 
Wardeness of the North, and says he needs her as the last surviving Stark. She 
wonders what happens if Stannis loses to the Boltons. He says she will have to 
make Ramsay her own which should be easy since he's already fallen for her. She 
says Roose frightens him. Littlefinger says he should, he's a dangerous man but 
even those can be outmaneuvered and she has learned to maneuver from the best 
and when he returns she will be strong. He kisses her and asks if she believes him. 
She says she expects she'll be a married woman by the time he returns. 
 
Mereen: Dany and Selmy 
 
Dany surveys the city while Selmy reminisces about how her brother Rhaegar 



would sing to the people in the Red Keep. He actually busked and Selmy kept the 
money for him and Rhaegar gave it to orphanages and other charitable things and 
sometimes he got drunk. She is amused by this. Daario arrives and announces that 
Hizdahr Zo Loraq is there to see her. He's there to recommend reopening the 
fighting pits and it's a tradition, while distasteful to her, that she needs to embrace 
to ensure some kind of piece between former masters and slaves. 
 
Meanwhile the Sons of Harpy indiscriminate murder a man in a market. The 
Unsullied go after them when a woman points the way. She seems to be up to 
something though. And she was. The way she points leads the small group of 
Unsullied into an ambush. Selmy hears a ruckus and people start running past him. 
He draws his sword and heads toward the fight. Grey Worm is stabbed but keeps 
fighting. Selmy join the battle and fells more than half a dozen Sons before being 
killed. Grey Worm collapses beside him. 

 

S5, Ep5 

Kill the Boy 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Kill the Boy" - May 10, 2015 
 
Meereen: Dany, Daario, Grey Worm, Missandei,Hizdahr zo Loraq, Dragons 
 
Dany and Missandei look over Barristan's body and Dany talks about what a loyal 
friend and advisor he was. Daario wants to "clean out" the city neighborhood by 
neighborhood. Dany instead asks for the leaders ofthe great families rounded up 
and brought to her. 
 
She brings them to the dragon pits and forces them towards them in the darkness. 
She wonders who among them is innocent and who is guilty, she says they wil let 
the dragons decide. She pushes one man forward and he is enflamed and ripped 
apart by the dragons and it's awful. She says she doesn't want to overfeed them and 
sends them back to the dungeons to stew. 
 
Missandei goes to see Grey Worm who has been out for three days. She breaks the 
news of Barristan. Grey Worm feels like a failure. She reassures him he didn't and 
says he will fight again. He admits when he was stabbed he felt fear, not that he 
would die, but that he would never see her again. She joins him in bed and kisses 
him tenderly. 
 
With her most trusted advisors dead, Dany asks Missandei for her advice. 
Missandei claims she is in no position to have an opinion. Dany disagrees. 
Missandei speaks freely and says she has watched Dany take the counsel of her 
advisors and also ignore them but she has been most impressed when she has 



trusted her gut and come up with a choice of her own. 
 
Dany makes a choice: She goes to the dungeons and tells Hizdahr zo Loraq that 
she was wrong and he was right and her new plan is to reopen the fighting pits, but 
only among free men, and that there will never again be slavery. And as a sign of 
her good faith and forge a lasting bond with Meereen she will marry one of their 
highest noblemen, Hizdahr zo Loraq himself. 
 
Castle Black: Jon Snow, the Grand Maester, Tormund Giantsbane, Stannis 
Baratheon 
 
Jon meets with the Grand Maester for advice on something he has to do but will 
bitterly divide the Night's Watch and half the men will hate him. The Grand 
Maester notes they already do and tells him to do it. He tells Jon he will find little 
joy in his command but with luck will find the strength to do what needs to be 
done. He tells him to kill the boy Jon Snow-- winter is almost upon us-- and let the 
man be born 
 
Jon meets with Tormund Giantsbane and tells him they are not enemies and asks 
him to lead the free folk back south of the wall. He says he doesn't want them to 
kneel before him as a king he wants them to fight with him against the army of the 
undead that is coming with the onset of winter, who will kill the free folk first if 
they don't move. He says he will talk to Stannis about lending a fleet of ships to 
collect up the people. Tormund says he will do it only if agrees to come with him 
and convinces the free folk that the ships that they are boarding won't be torched. 
 
The Night's Watch men are predictably not happy about this. Sam tries to explain 
to them about the abandoned villages where they could settle. The men point out 
the villages are abandoned because free folk torched and killed the people, like 
they did Ollie's family. Jon says they have all been fighting for hundreds of years 
but they can either abandon them free folk or they can learn to live with them or 
they can deal with the army of the dead alone. 
 
Back in his office Jon tries to explain to Ollie while he is doing this but, while 
respectful, Ollie isn't having it. 
 
Sam and Gilly while away some time in the library where she wonders if these are 
all the books in the world. He tells her about the Citadel where there are many 
books. She feels ashamed that she doesn't know things like he does. But he points 
out that she has so many other skills he doesn't have. He explains the Citadel is 
where the maesters go to learn and says it was his dream to become one but instead 
became a man of the Night's Watch. 
 
Stannis enters and Gilly scurries. Stannis notes that Sam's father was a great soldier 



who was the only one who ever defeated his brother Robert. Stannis knows that 
Sam killed a White Walker and wonders how. Sam explains about the dagger of 
dragon glass. He doesn't know why this worked and is reading up on that, Stannis 
tells him to keep reading because he needs to now how to fight them. 
 
He goes to see Davos and tells him it's time to move out and that the queen and 
princess will be coming with them. Davos wants to wait for Jon Snow to return 
with the wildlings but Stannis says they have to act now and ahead of weather. 
They mount up and move out and Jon and Melisandre share a stare as they move 
out. 
 
 
 
Winterfell: Brienne and Pod, Roose and Ramsay 
 
Staying at a tavern, Pod wonders if Sansa is better off now that she's home. 
Brienne knows she is not better off with the Boltons. She asks a tavern who knew 
Ned Stark to get a message to Sansa in Winterfell. 
 
Over in Winterfell Roose beds his old girlfriend Miranda who is jealous of Sansa. 
He says jealousy bores him and she knows what happens to those who bore him. 
She bites his lip drawing blood and says she won't be boring and they make out. 
 
A maid comes to Sansa with the message that if she ever gets in trouble to light a 
candle in the highest window of the broken tower and that she still has a friend and 
is not alone. She is confused but goes to look at the tower. There Miranda 
approaches her and compliments her dress, which Sansa made herself. She tells 
Sansa she has a surprise for him and brings her to the kennels where Theon Greyoy 
is. She says his name and he shakes his head and says "You shouldn't be here." She 
storms out. 
 
Later, Theon is dressing and tending to Ramsay who is typically evil to him and 
asks if he has something to tell him. He confesses Sansa saw him at the kennel and 
begs forgiveness. Ramsay forces him to his knees and forgives him. 
 
Roose, Ramsay, Sansa and his "mother" have dinner and Ramsay makes a toast to 
their wedding and future. happiness. He says it must be hard for her to be in 
strange place. She notes it is not strange it is her home aonly the people are 
strange. Ramsay agrees that they are. Theon arrives and Ramsay forces him to 
apologize for "killing" Bran and Rickon and notes since Theon is the closest she 
has to kin he will give away the bride. Then Ramsay's stepmother announces she is 
pregnant and Roose says it's a boy. 
 
Later Roose and Ramsay discuss the impending birth and Roose knows Ramsay is 



worried the new child threatens his position but he points out that he knows now 
what he knew when he first laid eyes on him, that Ramsay is his son. (Origin story: 
Roose raped a peasant woman under the body of her dead husband. No wonder 
Ramsay is so evil.) He tells Ramsay he needs his help to defeat Stannis and 
Ramsay says he will be by his side in the fight. 
 
Valyria: Tyrion and Jorah 
 
Tyrion tries again to make some small talk with Jorah after he got punched in the 
face. He also asks for wine. Jorah says no to this. 
 
Tyrion figures out that they are going through Valyria to get to 
 
As they glide through the ruined city they are gobsmacked when they see one of 
Dany's dragons flies overhead. This is a very dangerous distraction, however, as 
they don't notice when one of the famed Stone Men jumps into the water by their 
boat. These are the men, riddled with greyscale, who have been banished to these 
parts like a sort of Westerosi leper colony. 
 
The men attack the boat. Jorah warns Tyrion to not allow them to touch him and be 
infected. Jorah fights them off but more come. Tyrion begs to be untied so he can 
defend himself. But Jorah is busy. When one man advance to close, Tyrion jumps 
overboard to escape. He furiously tries to untie his bonds but as he does he is 
grabbed from underneath by a Stone Man who drags him further down. 
 
He comes to some time later. Jorah saved them and they are on a shore somewhere. 
He says they'll need to rustle up another boat or else they have a very long walk 
ahead of them. Jorah asks if Tyrion was touched and he says no. 
 
Jorah says he's off to get wood and as he turns, he pulls back his sleeve to reveal 
he's infected with greyscale. 

 

S5, Ep6 

Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken"- May 17, 2015 
 
Braavos: Arya, Jaqen, the mean girl and some corpses 
 
Arya is still washing bodies. When she sees the door out of the corpse washing 
room is open she goes to it but the mean girl shuts it and tells her she's not ready 
yet. Arya notes she's been here for weeks and wants to know what's next and play 
the game of faces. The girl says Arya already played and lost. She asks who she is 



and Arya again says no one. Arya asks who the girl is and the girl tells a story 
much like Arya's own and then asks if Arya believes her. 
 
Later, when she sleeping Jaqen comes to her and asks who she is and instead of 
saying no one, she tells her actual story. But every time she fibs-- like saying her 
father died in battle-- or lies he slaps her virtually. This goes on and on. He asks if 
she truly wants to be no one and when she says yes he slaps her again. She says she 
no longer wants to play this game, he says you are always playing. 
 
Later still, when a man bring his ill daughter to the House of Black nad White, 
Arya shows her great compassion as Jaqen watches. When she is washing the body 
of the girl he finally takes her beyond that room to an even huger room which has a 
sort of face mausoleum in it. From floor to ceiling are these huge stone cylinders 
which have heads with the faces facing out. She walks around in wonder. 
 
Jaqen asks if she is truly ready to become no one. She hesitates. He notes she is 
ready to become someone else, however. 
 
On the road: Tyrion and Jorah 
 
The odd couple continue their journey and Tyrion is now grumpy eating eating 
berries and roots and what an awful travelling companion Jorah is. Jorah wonders 
if he ever shuts up.. Tyrion finally explains what happened: that he killed his father 
since he was trying to execute him for a murder he didn't commit and his dad was 
banging his girlfriend. Jorah did not know this. He also, sadly, did not know that 
his own father was dead, something Tyrion learned while visiting Castle Black. To 
add insult to injury he first tells him what a good man he was and then says he was 
killed by his own men. Ouch.Tyrion feels badly for breaking the news. 
 
He asks why Jorah thinks Dany should rule and what difference it will make, 
especially since her family is famously crazy, including the Mad King who liked to 
burn men alive for fun. Jorah asks if he believes in anything. Tyrion honestly 
answers no. Jorah says he was once cynical like Tyrion but once he saw Dany 
emerge unscathed from the fire, listening to baby dragons cry, he started to believe. 
He also notes she is the rightful heir to the throne. Tyrion wonders what difference 
it really makes after all, even a thousand years of peace and prosperity will be 
followed by war and strife. 
 
They are walking and talking and on the move when they are captured by slavers 
who want to send Jorah to the salt mines or use him as a galley slave and kill 
Tyrion and sell his penis because apparently "dwarf cocks" have magical powers. 
They are about to kill him and cut his business off when he convinces them he 
needs the cock to be verified from a dwarf first. And he also convinces them to 
spare Jorah from the salt mines since he was once a great fighter who won many 



battles and he promises he will make it happen in the fighting pits in Meereen since 
he killed a Dothraki bloodrider in single combat. 
 
King's Landing: Cersei, Olenna, Loras, Margaery, Littlefinger 
 
Littlefinger arrives and is given a stern warning by Lancel Lannister, the one who 
turned Faith Militant Sparrow leader. It is creepy. 
 
He meets with Cersei and, in his special double-dealing way, tells her the Boltons 
and Baratheons will duke it out for the North and she should wait-- but not too 
long-- and pounce while whatever victor is licking their wounds and then take back 
the north. He says the Knights of the Veil -- now his men via Robin Arryn--could 
totally get this done for her and it wouldn't cost her a penny or a single soldier. He 
also outs Sansa, which of course gets her blood boiling since she thinks Sansa 
helped kill Joffrey. She wonders what's in it for him and he says he would like to 
made Warden of the North and swears fealty to the crown.She agrees as long as 
she gets Sansa's head on a spike. 
 
Cersei's blood is boiling all over the place tonight and it spills heavily on the rest of 
the Tyrell family now. 
 
Olenna shows up to register her outrage over Loras being locked up and to threaten 
pulling financial and food support from King's Landing. Cersei points out she 
didn't lock up Loras, the Faith Militant did. (Of course she set the Faith Militant in 
motion.) She insists it's just a simple inquest, not a trial and Loras will surely be 
cleared and the Tyrell/Lannister alliance will continue. Olenna seems to, 
begrudgingly, accept this. 
 
Except when the inquest comes both Loras and Margaery deny he's a buggerer--
under oath-- but then the High Sparrow calls Loras' most recent lover to the stand, 
who not only says he lay with Loras but that Margaery knew about it. So the High 
Sparrow determines there is sufficient evidence for a trial and not only is Loras 
guilty but so is Margaery since she just bore false witness before the gods saying 
that Loras didn't fornicate with boys. So he has them both taken away. Cersei is 
triumphant. Tommen is confused. Margaery is outraged. Olenna is livid. 
 
Dorne: Jamie, Bronn, the Sand Snakes 
 
Myrcella and her intended make out in the courtyard. Prince Martell watches them 
and tells his right hand man they must protect them. 
 
Jamie and Bronn continue on their journey, with Bronn singing an old Dornish folk 
song. They come upon a convoy headed to town and follow them in. They are now 
clad in Dornish gear to try and blend in. 



 
The Sand Snakes prepare to snatch Myrcella. 
 
They all converge. Jamie and Bronn try to snatch her but she is confused and 
doesn't want to go and then Bronn knocks out her boyfriend. Then the Sand Snakes 
show up and the three of them begin battling Jamie and Bronn. One nicks Bronn. 
But before it can go further. Then the Prince's bodyguard and a whole bunch of 
Dornish King's Guard show up and force everyone to drop their weapons. Ellaria is 
also captured. 
 
Winterfell: Sansa, Ramsay, Miranda, and Theon 
 
Meanwhile things have gone from bad to worse for Sansa. 
 
Miranda shows up to give her a bath for her wedding night. In doing so she washes 
the dye out of Sansa's hair and scares her with stories about Ramsay and how he 
easily gets bored with all of his previous women. Sansa is hip to her though and 
asks how long Miranda has loved Ramsay and realizes that she is mad that Sansa 
has shown up and usurped her. She notes that she is Sansa Stark, a lady, Winterfell 
is her rightful home, and she is not afraid of Miranda and dismisses her. Miranda is 
not happy. 
 
Later, all dressed beautifully for the wedding, Theon shows up to escort her to the 
ceremony. She refuses to take his arm. He says Ramsay will punish him if she 
doesn't. She thinks he killed her younger brothers so she notes that she doesn't care 
what Ramay does to him. 
 
They head to the ceremony out by the tree with the colorful leaves. It is snowing 
lightly. It would be beautiful if it wasn't so awful. Theon "gives her away." Ramsay 
accepts her. 
 
They head back to their marital bed and Ramsay's true colors frighteningly emerge. 
He asks if she's a virgin. She says she is since Tyrion was gentle and kind and 
didn't force her to consummate their marriage. He then tells her to disrobe and 
forces Theon to stay in the room. She turns away from him towards the bed and is 
slowly fumbling with her clothes, terrified. Theon is beside himself with 
despondence. Ramsay grows impatient and begins ripping off her dress from the 
back. He tells Theon that since he knew her as a girl he can now watch as she 
becomes a woman. He bends her over the bed and rapes her. We cut away from the 
distraught Sansa and hear her screams as Theon watches, shaking and in tears. 

 

S5, Ep7 

The Gift 



•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Gift" - May 24, 2015 
 
Castle Black: Jon, Sam, the Maester, Gilly 
 
Jon Snow is preparing to take his leave of the Wall and Alliser Thorne reminds 
him he thinks this is a bad idea. Sam gives him the dragon glass he used to kill the 
White Walker and hopes he doesn't need it. 
 
Later, Maester Aemon plays with baby Sam and Gilly. He says he reminds him of 
his brother "Egg," Eghard Targaryen. He is clearly on his last legs. Gilly tells Sam 
to get some sleep but he begs off saying he can't leave him. The Maester keeps 
calling out to "Egg!" and draws his last breath saying something about dreaming of 
the towers of old. Sam leads his funeral service and recalls him as wise, gentle, and 
kind and councilor to a dozen Lord Commanders. As he and Alliser light the 
funeral pyre, Throne leans over and tells Sam he's losing all his friends, because 
he's mean like that. 
 
Later, when Gilly is washing some clothes two men come in and menace her, 
wondering if she is actually pretty or only pretty because she's the only girl there. 
She tells them to leave but they corner here. Sam comes in and draws his sword. 
He tries to protect her but they beat him to a bloody pulp and call him names. Just 
as they are about to take advantage of her though, he rises again and says he killed 
a White Walker and a Thenn and can take them too. They aren't afraid until Jon's 
Direwolf Ghost materializes and growls at them. They leave and Sam promptly 
passes out. 
 
Later, she tends to him and tells her to never do that again since he's not a fighter. 
He says he had them in the palm of his hand. She makes him promise that no 
matter what happens to her he will take care of baby Sam. He vows to take care of 
her as well. She kisses his cheeks and then his mouth and then she gets on top of 
him and kisses him. He makes a noise and she asks if she's hurting him. He assures 
her that she is not. They make love. 
 
Dorne: Jamie, Myrcella, Bronn and the Sand Snakes 
 
Jamie is in a large ornate room. Myrcella is brought to him. He apologizes for 
what's happening and tells her Cersei has been worried since threats have been 
made against her and she must go back with him. Myrcella isn't having it, noting 
she didn't want to come here but she did her duty and now she is in love with 
Tristane, marrying him, and staying right in Dorne. He says he doesn't understand, 
and she notes that he couldn't since he doesn't know her. 
 
Meanwhile, Bronn is singing in the prison alongside the Sand Snakes. They chit 
chat about the fight. Bronn notes that Dornish women are the most beautiful in the 



world, but not necessarily those three. One engages him and begins to tantalize him 
from the opposite cell with a view of her naked body. She keeps asking about 
where she cut him and he says his arm is fine. Then she asks about his head and 
suddenly he starts to get dizzy and his nose is bleeding. She notes she had poison 
on her dagger called "The Long Farewell" since it takes a while to set in. She pulls 
a small vial off her necklace, the only known antidote. She asks who the most 
beautiful woman in the world is. He correctly answers her and she tosses him the 
antidote. He drinks it and she tells him that she thinks he is very handsome as well. 
 
Winterfell: Sansa, Theon, Ramsay 
 
Theon brings Sansa her lunch. She rises from her bed, bruised and fearful. She 
begs for his help. He says he can't and that he is no longer Theon. She tries to 
remind him who he is and begs him to light a candle in the tower. Instead, he goes 
to Ramsay. 
 
Brienne waits and watches for the sign. 
 
Sansa is summoned outside by Ramsay who kisses her and says that he is so glad 
she is beautiful and not the beast he feared his father would marry him to. He says 
she's made him very happy. He notes that Stannis rides for Winterfell but the 
current snowstorm has hampered his march, which is good since his men know 
how to fight in the cold. He notes that soon he will be warden of the north and she 
the wardeness. She wonders if that's true since his stepmother is pregnant. She says 
a true born will always have the edge to be heir over a bastard. He notes that he 
was naturalized. She retorts that he was naturalized by another bastard Tommen 
Baratheon. He winces slightly at this but has the last word when he shows her the 
flayed body of the woman who came to her in her chambers to tell her about 
putting the candle in the tower. He tells her to hold on to her candles since the 
nights are so long now. She is devastated. 
 
On the Road to Winterfell: Stannis, Davos, and the troops 
 
Stannis meets with Davos who reports that the cold has killed horses, is hampering 
the men and that swellswords have abandoned the fight. He urges Stannis to head 
back to Castle Black to wait out the storm or the whole winter if necessary saying 
this isn't the right time. Stannis notes this is the only time and if they go back he 
will be known as "The king who runs." Plus, the winter could last for years and in 
that time who knows what will happen? He says they march now to either victory 
or defeat, but they march now. 
 
He turns to Melisandre and notes that he has always trusted in her visions and 
prophecies but is clearly getting nervous. She says he saw the great battle in the 
snow in the flames himself and that she has seen herself walk along the battlements 



of Winterfell as the flayed man banners were lowered. But the vision will require 
sacrifices. He says they need King's blood and don't have it without Robert's 
bastard Gendry. She says there is another who has king's blood in her veins, 
meaning they should sacrifice Shireen. He is disgusted by the suggestion and tells 
her to leave. 
 
Slave Aiction: Tyrion and Jorah 
 
Jorah is put on the block and the auctioneer talks up his famous fighting history to 
up the bids. One slaver finally buys him and begins to take him away and then 
Tyrion says he has to buy him as well since they are a team since he's a great 
fighter too. Everyone laughs at this until Tyrion manages to take down one of his 
minders with his own shackles, beating the younger, larger man with his chains. 
Everyone laughs and the slaver is amused so he takes Tyrion as well and promptly 
whacks him in the face for being mouthy about "wages." 
 
Meereen: Dany and Daario 
 
The two lovers enjoy a little post-coital chat and Daario wonders how long before 
the King of Mereen comes to claim his pillow. Dany points out that her marriage to 
Hizdahr is political and he knows that. They talk politics. She says she has no 
choice but to marry him since she needs the city behind her. Daario says everyone 
has a choice, even slaves: be a slave or die. He says she should marry him instead. 
She notes that even if she wanted to do such an inadvisable thing she couldn't. He 
notes that she is the queen and can do whatever she want. She insists she can't. He 
notes that means that she is the only person in Meereen who is not free. He makes 
one more suggestion: on the day of the great games gather all the great and wise 
masters and slaughter them all. She says she is a queen not a butcher. He says all 
rulers are either butchers or meat. 
 
Before the "great games," the newly rounded up slaves have to battle to the death 
to get a slot, sort of a semi-final round. The slaver sends several men out but not 
Jorah or Tyrion, who is shackled to the wall. 
 
Dany and Hizdahr come along to watch the early battles. The slaver is surprised 
and heartened to see the queen and her future king. Jorah hears them make a 
pledge to the queen and realizes she's there. He he sees her through the bars 
watching the battles which are very bloody and gross. She is unsettled and clearly 
wants to leave. Sensing this Jorah grabs his helmet and runs out and joins the fray 
even though he wasn't chosen. He dispatches every one of the remaining fighters 
one by one. Tyrion is trying to break free from the wall because he's missing all the 
action and a huge guy comes along and splits his chains for him. 
 
Jorah, victorious, stands before Dany and removes his helmet. She is not happy 



and tells them to get him out of her sight. He cries out that he brought her a gift. 
This is Tyrion's cue, he emerges saying that he is the gift. She asks who he is and 
he tells her and she is clearly surprised. 
 
King's Landing: Olenna, High Sparrow 
 
Olenna and the High Sparrow banter in the church and she scoffs at his "man of the 
people" act and says she cans smell a fraud a mile away and that she is here to get 
her grandchildren out. He says they broke the rules of the gods and are now paying 
and it doesn't matter how high born they are. She offers him money and then 
threatens to take away the food the Tyrells send to King's Landing. He notes it 
must be strange for her not to be able to sniff out a hidden agenda and he doesn't 
have one and that the Gods demand justice. She notes that half the people in King's 
Landing have broken the laws that Loras and Margaery have. When she talks about 
withholding food he wonders if she's every sown a field or reaped a harvest, 
knowing she hasn't saying her wealth and power have given her blind eye. She says 
she is one of the "few" and when the many stop fearing the few... and trails off, 
letting her fill in the rest of that idea as he walks away from her. 
 
On the way out of the church she gets a note with Littlefinger's mark. 
 
Up in the castle Tommen is livid that there is nothing he can do and swears he will 
start a war and wipe out the Faith Militant to get Margaery back. She notes that he 
knows who the first casualty of that war will be. He says he simply loves her. She 
says they must be strong for those they love. He wants to speak to High Sparrow 
but she says she will talk to him and do what she can to win Margaery's freedom 
and Loras', saying his happiness is all she wants. He says he knows, but she says he 
can't know until he has kids of own saying she would do anything for him, burn 
cities to the ground and that all that matters to her are him and Myrcella. 
 
Littlefinger meets Olenna at his now ruined brothel, destroyed by the Sparrows. 
Olenna doesn't have time for his nonsense and tells him not to bother pretending he 
cares about House Tyrell. She notes that their fates are joined by their murder of 
Joffrey and that if things fall apart she won't protect him. He tells her that Cersei 
wanted information from him and he gave her some, but not all that he knows. And 
he tells Olenna he has a gift for her, the same kind he gave Cersei, a handsome 
young man. 
 
Cersei goes to see Margaery in her dank, horrid, cell and mockingly calls it 
horrible and unacceptable and asks if they are feeding her enough. She drops off 
some venison stew, her leftovers. She goes on about how they did everything they 
could for her. Margaery, dirty and disheveled isn't having any of this, speaking 
plainly, accusing Cersei of doing this to her and saying she's not buying her act. 
Cersei says Margaery is clearly not thinking clearly and will come back. Margaery 



throws the stew at Cersei and call her a hateful bitch and tells her to get out. Cersei 
walks out with a big shit-eating grin on her face, because she has really, really not 
thought ahead. 
 
She then goes to see the High Sparrow and asks about what will happen to 
Margaery and Loras, he explains they will hae separate trials and if they confess to 
their sins before then they will be at what is called "mother's mercy." Cersei thanks 
him for bringing whatever justice they deserve in the eyes of the seven gods. He 
begins nattering on about the small simple chapel they are standing in which is so 
ancient no one knows who built it, unlike the ornate cathedral that was built up 
around it. He muses about what happens when you strip away the gold and statues 
and pillars of the larger structure, what remains is this simple chapel. He notes this 
stripping away is now happening to the Tyrells and their true hearts will laid bare 
for all to see and their punishment will be the same as it would be for anyone, high 
or low born. He asks her what she thinks they will find when they strip away 
Cersei's finery. She starts to get nervous, as she should. 
 
The High Sparrow tells the story of a young man who came to them broken in 
body and spirit and piece by piece he unburdened himself, letting go of vanity and 
pride and sin that now his soul is so light that he will float through the heavens like 
a bird. He notes this man has a lot to say about Cersei: enter Lancel Lannister. 
Cersei sees him and begins to away but there is a formidable nun at the door. 
Cersei orders her to the side but the woman seizes her and drag her away. The 
High Sparrow is happy. The nuns throw her to the ground in a cell. Cersei tells her 
to look at her face since it's the last thing the woman will see before she dies. The 
nuns shut and lock the door. 

 

S5, Ep8 

Hardhome 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "Hardhome" - May 31, 2015 
 
Wow, you guys. Tonight was intense. 
 
Meereen: Dany, Jorah, Tyrion 
 
Tyrion and Jorah stand before the queen and she is practically vibrating with anger. 
She asks Tyrion why she should accept him into her service. He says he seeks to 
advise her and see if she deserves his service. She offers to send him back to the 
fighting pits. He then tells Dany's life story to her and how she had no power, 
wealth, lands or armies but how she came into them and how Varys told her that 
she was their best hope as a ruler. She asks his advice on Jorah. Tyrion speaks well 
of him mostly talking about how devoted he is, that he's probably in love with her, 



that yes, he did betray her, but he only seeks to serve her and a good queen doesn't 
inspire others to be devoted to her if she kills those who are. He says she should go 
on to rule but not with Jorah by her side. She tell the guards to take Jorah out of her 
city, sparing his life, but still crushing him emotionally. As he walks away he 
regards the greyscale growing on his arm. 
 
He goes back to the slaver and tells him the slaver can own him if he lets him fight 
before the queen in the pits. 
 
Later, after he's washed up and had some wine, Tyrion and Dany talk-- a little 
family history, Mad King, killed his dad, yada, yada-- still with the threat of her 
killing him hanging over him. He explains what Varys said to him about how she 
could be the best ruler. She announces that she isn't going to kill him but will 
instead take him on as an advisor. He explains how she has no support since there 
are no Starks or Targaryens, the Baratheons and Lannisters won't help, and maybe 
she'll have the Tyrells. She talks about the endless spinning of the wheel between 
the families. He says she can't stop the wheel. She says she doesn't plan on 
stopping it, she plans to break it. 
 
Winterfell: Sansa, Reek, the Boltons 
 
Reek brings Sansa her dinner and she confronts him about ratting her out. He says 
he was doing her a favor since Ramsay always finds out and would've punished her 
further. He explains how he transformed him from Theon into Reek. She says she's 
glad Ramsay did this to him and if she could do it all again she would do it to him 
too. He says he deserved everything he got for turning his back on Robb and taking 
Winterfell. But, he does finally admit that he didn't kill Bran and Rickon like she 
thought before he runs away. So Sansa now knows her brothers 'are alive. 
 
Meanwhile, Roose is talking with his generals and Ramsay about their war plans, 
which are basically to wait for Stannis to arrive at the fortified Winterfell, mow 
them down and let them starve and freeze. He sees Ramsay disagrees. Ramsay 
wants to take the fight to Stannis. Roose says this is foolhardy and besides their 
army couldn't make it through the snow anyway. Ramsay says he doesn't need an 
army, just 20 good men. 
 
Braavos: Arya, Ja'qen Haqar 
 
Ja'qen is teaching Arya to become a new person, a spy of sorts. She is taking on the 
identity of "Lana," an orphan who sells oysters, clams, and cockles from a cart in 
the markets down by the canals. As we watch her recite her tale to him he taps her 
arm when she trips up or to make adjustments. We watch her go about her life in 
the market with the oysters and she waits on a wealthy, crotchety man upon whom 
Ja'qen wants her to spy for some reason, to serve the Many Faced God. The man 



seems mean and arbitrary. We learn he is a gambler who bets on the journeys of 
sailors. The people he screws pray to the Many Faced God and they take care of he 
people who do the screwing. He tells her to go back and case the gambler, stake 
out his habits, and then, essentially, poison him. The Many Faced God is all about 
vigilante justice apparently. Arya, of course with her vengeance list, smiles as she 
walks away with the vial. The girl who was mean to her before tells Ja'qen she 
doesn't think Arya is ready. Ja'qen says whether she is or not doesn't matter to the 
Many Faced God. 
 
 
 
King's Landing: Cersei 
 
Cersei stews in her cell, all dirty and disheveled. A Silent Sister enters and whips a 
piece of bread at her and offers her a spoon full of food only if she confesses. 
Cersei reiterate that hers will be the last face the woman sees before she dies. The 
sister whacks her head with the spoon. 
 
Qyburn comes to visit and the news is not good. No word from Jamie and the King 
has taken to his bed and is not eating and no amount of cajoling can get him to 
come see her. Also, her Uncle Kevan is returning to serve as his hand until this 
mess is sorted out. Qyburn says there is a way out but Cersei, knowing this means 
confessing at or before the trial fornication, incest, treason, Robert's murder etc. 
She refuses to give the High Sparrow, who she put in power, the satisfaction of a 
confession. He tells her "the work continues" in his lab re: his crazy reanimation of 
the mountain. 
 
The Silent Sister returns again with water and she again reiterates her threat, after 
trying to bribe her first by offering her to make her a powerful woman. The sister 
pours the water on the floor and leaves her. Cersei desperately sucks at the floor. 
 
Castle Black: Gilly and Sam 
 
She tends to his wounds. He asks how she is. She says she's fine but admits she's a 
little scared. Ollie arrives with food. He asks him why Jon is trying to save the 
Wildlings, who killed his parents and his whole village. Sam says Wildlings are 
people, with both good and bad. Ollie wonders how they can trust them. Sam says 
he's seen the White Walkers and says they are coming for them and they will need 
every man they have, to fight them and sometimes men have to make hard choices, 
ones that look wrong at first but they know are right. He tells him to try not to 
worry, and says he's been worrying about Jon for years and he always comes back. 
 
Hardhome: Jon Snow, Tormund Giantsbane and a shitload of White Walkers 
 



We cut to Jon and a bunch of men rowing ashore from the fleet of boats they 
borrowed from Stannis.The Wildlings of Hardhome await them on the shore.Very 
surprised to see Tormund Giantsbane with Crows. 
 
The leaders greet them. Jon announces they're allies. The leader of the Hardhome 
calls Tormund a traitor. Jon says they are not there to fight but to talk. Tormund 
kills the leader, making his point, and tells the others to gather the elders to talk. 
 
Jon explains what is happening and that he knows that they are not friends and 
never will be. It's about survival and putting the Wildlings behind the Wall to 
protect them and that together they can beat the White Walkers. They are beyond 
skeptical. He shows them the Dragonglass that they can use to kill the Walkers. He 
tells them they can settle on the lands south of the wall. He invokes the dreams of 
Mance Rayder and says he will let them settle if they swear to join him when the 
real war starts. They ask where Mance is. Jon explains about the arrow but 
Tormund explains it was in mercy given the situation. Jon beseeches them to think 
about their children: "The long night is coming, and the dead come with it." He 
says the Walkers are coming and none of them can stop them alone. They have to 
band together and still even then they might not win but at least they'll give them a 
fight. Tormund vouches for him and says he's a good fighter, a good leader, and 
they need each other. They trust Tormund and throw in with them, except the 
Thenns, who aren't impressed. 
 
The Wildlings start loading up to get on the ships. There are going to be at least 
5,000 and many are still staying behind. Tormund says they'll come around when 
they begin starving. 
 
The Giant looks at the dragon glass. Edison is collecting it but lets the giant keep 
it. 
 
Suddenly, all the dogs start barking... and then, all hell breaks loose. 
 
An army of White Walkers and Wights descends on Hardhome and it is terrifying. 
They run to shut the gates and people are still outside them. Everyone inside the 
gates regards the onslaught mouths agape. And suddenly the Wights are at the 
gates, busting through. 
 
People start running for the rowboats to the ships overcrowding them. 
 
Inside the keep the Wights descend, like aliens from "Alien" and the fight is on. 
Arrows are flying, swords are swinging. Wights are screaming. Jon calls the 
Night's Watch to follow him and fight. They all do. 
 
They fight valiantly for awhile, a White Walker and Jon go toe to toe. Jon 



scrambles for the dragon glass but can't get to it. When he pulls his own sword he 
destroys the White Walker. So now we know Valyrian steel can destroy them. 
 
But one sword isn't enough as 1,000s are coming. Jon and Tormund and a few 
others outrun them to the boats and the Wights slaughter scores more. As they row 
away they look back towards the shore. The main White Walker (Night King) 
regards them and raises his arms to the side. As he does all of the Wildlings they 
killed open their eyes, they are ice blue. They are now Wights. They rise up again. 
Jon and the few other survivors in the boat are suitably freaked out as they float 
back to the ship, the Giant beside them, swatting off Wights. 
 
The long night has come and the dead have come with it. 

 

S5, Ep9 

The Dance of Dragons 

•  "Game of Thrones" - "The Dance of Dragons" - June 7,2015 
 
On the road to Winterfell: Melisandre, Stannis 
 
In a tent in a frozen encampment Melisandre stares into a fire as snow and wind 
blow outside. She has an epiphany of some kind and heads out and looks around. 
She sees tents catch fire all around the encampment, seemingly spontaneously. She 
sees a horse on fire run by. Ramsay Bolton's group of 20 men is responsible. Davos 
says no guards raised an alarm. Stannis says to hang the guards. Davos wonders if 
they are going back to Castle Black. They are not. Nor are they marching to 
Winterfell. Davos is confused at this course of inaction. Stannis stares at 
Melisandre and his wife and tells Davos to have the dead horses butchered for 
meat. 
 
Stannis looks at the pieces on his war map. Davos enters and Stannis orders him to 
go tell the Lord Commander (Jon Snow) to send supplies, horses, and food in 
return for all the men the Night's Watch needs. Davos doesn't want to abandon 
Stannis. Stannis says he isn't and tells him not to come back empty-handed. Davos 
pleads to take Shireen with him since a siege is no place for a little girl. Stannis 
says his family stays. 
 
Davos walks out among the freezing, starving,dwindling men. He goes to Shireen's 
tent, she's reading a story called "A Dance of Dragons" about an old battle with the 
Targaryens that split the kingdom. They chat about the story. He gives her a carved 
reindeer he made. She asks him to make a doe to accompany it. He says he will. 
She gives him a kiss. He is saying his thank yous for teaching him to read and be a 
grown-up and, of course, goodbye. 



 
Stannis comes to visit Shireen and she tells him about the "Dance of Dragons." She 
explains about the Targaryen history. She says she thinks the story is poetic. He 
asks her about choosing sides. She says it's doing that that makes everything so 
horrible. He has clearly made his decision about what he is going to do in order to 
"fulfill his destiny." He is clearly troubled and she says it's alright. He notes she 
doesn't even know what he's talking about. She says she doesn't care, she wants to 
help and asks if she can. He says she can. He hugs her and says "Forgive me." 
 
She is led by guards to a pyre. She finally realizes what is about to happen as she 
sees Melisandre standing there by the man with the fire. Shireen begs for her 
father. Melisandre says it will all be over soon. Two men seize her and tie her to a 
pole as she begs to see her father. Her horrible mother holds Stannis' hands and 
says this is a good thing and if they don't make this sacrifice they will all starve and 
die as Melisandre says the prayer and Shireen is set afire. She screams for help 
from her father and mother. Her mother finally sees reason and runs to her but is 
held back by guards. All the soldiers watch as Shireen burns and screams. And 
Melisandre looks on beatifically. Stannis turns away. 
 
 
 
The Wall: Jon Snow, Tormund, the Wildlings 
 
The survivors of the attack at Hardhome reach the Wall. Ser Alliser Thorne spies 
them from the top. He and Jon stare at one another. Alliser is clearly surprised he is 
back. Alliser telll them to open the gates. The Wildlings, thousands of them, file in. 
Jon tells Sam it was a failure. Sam says he saved all these people. Jon says "and no 
one else" and that fact is not lost on them. Everyone stares as the Giant roams 
through. Ollie sees Jon and stalks off, catching his eye. 
 
Alliser approaches a bloody and tired Jon. He tells he he has a good heart but he 
will get them all killed. 
 
Dorne: Jaime, Prince Doran, the Sand Snakes, Myrcella and Tristane 
 
Jaime meets with the family and explains he is there to look after Myrcella since 
they received a threatening message via the necklace. Doran realizes the lead Sand 
Snake sent this. Doran says he won't kill Jaime, he doesn't want war. Doran makes 
a toast to King Tommen. The lead Sand Snake pours out her drink in disgust. 
Tommen has insisted on Myrcella's return and Doran can't disobey the King. So he 
will send her and Tristane back. Doran wants Tristane to take Oberynn's place on 
the small council. Jaime says he will. The lead Sand Snake snarls at him and Doran 
says she better think twice about talking to him like that. Jaime asks after Bronn, 
and the Dornish agree to set him free on one condition: he has to let Doran's huge 



bodyguard whack him in the mouth with his elbow. Ouch. 
 
Later, Doran asks the lead Sand Snake to swear her allegiance to him or die. She 
kneels before him and kisses his hand, to the chagrin of her daughters, still bound 
at the hands. He warns her that he believes in second chances but not third ones. 
 
She goes to see Jaime. She reassures him she knows of his love for Cersei and that 
no one cares about incest in Dorne and it's always changing across the Seven 
Kingdoms about who people are allowed to love and the only thing she knows is 
we want who we want. She also notes that Myrcella had no part in the terrible 
thing that happened to Oberynn and perhaps even he is also innocent of that. 
 
Braavos: Arya, the Gambler, Jaqen, Meryn Trant 
 
Arya's on her morning "oysters, clams and cockles!" run when she spies the 
gambler. She puts the poison in her pouch and approaches. She is unsure at first 
and sees something and walks past him as he hollers at her. It's Mace Tyrell 
arriving with Meryn Trant. She watches them disembark and be welcomed by the 
men from the Iron Bank. She turns away as they pass. 
 
They head on to the Bank and she follows their party. Meryn Trant spies her as 
Mace Tyrell talks about investments and gambling to the chagrin of the bankers 
who don't consider themselves gamblers. When they come out, Mace begins to 
sing for some reason and Arya continues to watch. 
 
Later, Trant and some other guards head to a brothel and Arya continues to follow, 
having fallen down on her duty with the gambler at the canal. She brings a tray in 
and some of the whores are interested in her oysters. She continues to wander and 
watches as Meryn chooses a woman. He keeps turning them down because they 
are "too old." The madam offers up her most expensive girl and he turns her down 
as well. She gets pulled into the room with Meryn by one of the Knights who 
wants oysters. Meryn seems to sort of recognize her but not exactly. The madam 
brings in a VERY young girl and he says "good." The girl looks very alarmed. The 
Madam shoos Arya out. 
 
She heads back to the House of Black and White where Jaqen is tending to 
someone. She lies and says the gambler wasn't hungry today and she will get him 
tomorrow. He knows she is lying. 
 
Meereen: Dany, Daario, Tyrion, Hizdahr, Jorah 
 
The day of the Great Games in the fighting pits has arrived. The fighters declare 
their allegiance to Dany. She seems uncomfortable. Hizdahr notes they are waiting 
for her to clap her hands to start fighting. She does, they do. 



 
Daario leans in between Dany and her fiancee and is all up in the guy's face. Dany 
is amused. Hizdahr is not. The first fight ends in a beheading. Tyrion does not have 
a taste for it. Dany and Hizdahr snipe at each other about what is true and false and 
the nature of belief. 
 
Jorah shows up in the next fight and declares his allegiance. Dany look upset. But 
then she hardens and gives the clap. He nods at her. The fight begins. When he 
takes a major hit, Dany winces. Tyrion is n the edge of his seat. Jorah bests one 
man. He takes on the next. Again he is cut. Again she winces. Other fights are 
happening simultaneously and the crowd cheers with bloodlust. Jorah is down on 
the ground with a sword at his neck. Another fighter saves him, apparently wanting 
to fight him himself. Tyrion says Dany can end it. Hizdahr says she cannot. Jorah 
bests the man who saved him. The crowd boos him. Suddenly, he throws a spear 
right towards Dany. He kills a man in a mask behind her. 
 
All hell breaks loose. As hundreds of men in masks emerge from the stands and go 
on a killing spree, including Hizdahr. 
 
Dany, Missandei,Jorah, Daario, and Tyrion make their way to the center of the 
arena fighting every step as the Unsullied try to protect her. Suddenly, Drogon the 
errant dragon arrives and begins breathing fire and eating the men in the masks. 
Tyrion is agape. As is everyone else. Dany is ecstatic. The masked men begin to 
throw spears at the dragon. Dany approaches and he seems to be recognize her and 
be happy to see her as she pulls out a spear. She climbs aborad his back and 
commands him to fly and he does, taking her up and out of the arena. 
 
Erm, except they left Tyrion, Daario, Jorah and Missandei behind? Oops. 

 

S5, Ep10 

Mother's Mercy 

•  The snow is melting. Melisandre tells Stannis the Lord of Light has made good 
on his promise and the path to Winterfell is clear. Stannis gives her the cold 
shoulder. One of his men tells him that half his men deserted during the night, with 
all the horses. Melisandre is surprised by this. Another soldier brings Stannis to a 
tree where his wife has hanged herself, clearly not having been able to take the 
guilt of Shireen. Stannis says to cut her down. Another soldier tells him that 
Meisandre has just deserted him. He orders the men to press on to Winterfell. 
 
At Castle Black, Jon tells Sam about what happened at Hardhome. He says there's 
no way to get the dragonglass back, and despite killing a white walker, there isn't 
enough Valyrian steel left in the kingdoms to beat them. They joke about how 



hated they are among the Nights Watch. Sam then asks to take Gilly and her child 
to Oldtown, where Sam can become a maester. He says at the Citadel, he can learn 
things that will help defeat the white walkers. He also says if he stays, Gilly and 
her baby will die, and he'd die trying to protect them. Jon finds out he slept with 
Gilly, and Jon says he's glad the end of the world is working out for someone. Sam 
promises he'll come back. Sam, Gilly and the baby get in a carriage. Jon and Sam 
wave goodbye before they leave. 
 
Stannis and his men arrive at Winterfell, looking exhausted. Sansa uses the 
corkscrew to unlock her door. She heads for the tower to light the candle. Podrick 
sees Stannis's army and tells Brienne. She hesitates, and leaves her post, just before 
Sansa lights the candle. Stannis begins preparing for the siege, but his man tells 
him that there won't be a siege. Thousands of Bolton troops, on horses charge on 
Stannis' army. Stannis can see that he is defeated. He draws his sword anyway and 
charges into battle. Many of his men run away. Sansa watches as the Boltons 
engulf Stannis's army. Cut to Stannis, wounded, trudging through the forest clearly 
having lost the battle. Two Bolton soldiers find him. He kills them both, but is 
gravely wounded in the leg. He leans next to a tree and groans. Brienne finds him. 
She tells him who she is and that she was Renly's kingsguard. Stannis admits he 
killed Renly with blood magic. She draws Oathkeeper and sentences him to death. 
"Do you have any last words?" Showing no fear, Stannis replies, "Go on, do your 
duty." Brienne swings her sword. Cut to Ramsay killing the last of Stannis' men. 
He says they're done and his wife must be lonely. Sansa leaves the tower, and is 
confronted by Myranda and Theon. Myranda points a bow at her and wants her to 
go back to her room. Sansa would rather die. Myranda says she can't kill her, as 
Ramsay needs her for an heir. But that doesn't mean she can't wound her. Before 
she shoots, Theon throws her of the wall, killing her. He sees the Bolton's are 
returning. He brings her to the top of the castle wall. They see that there is snow on 
the ground. They jump. 
 
In Braavos, Meryn Trant is in the Brothel. He is not only a pedophile, but gets off 
on beating the girls. One of them, doesn't scream no matter how hard he hits her. 
He tells the others to leave. The girl is revealed to be Arya, wearing a face. Before 
Trant can react, Arya plunges a kinfe in his eyes. She brutally stabs him, in many 
areas, while telling him how he killed Syrio Forel. She says she's Arya Stark and 
he is nothing, before slitting his throat. In the House of Back and White she puts 
the face of the girl back on the wall. Jaqen says she took the wrong life, and The 
Waif says she isn't ready and restrains her. Jaqen takes out poison and says a debt 
is owed to the many-faced god and only death can pay for life. He drinks the 
poison himself. Arya cries over his body, saying he was her friend. The Waif, now 
wearing Jaqen's face says he was no one at all. Just as Arya should've been, before 
taking from the hall of faces. She takes off face after face from the body, until 
finding her own. Jaqen tells her that to "someone" faces are as good as poison. 
Arya screams "Whats happening?" as she goes blind. 



 
In Dorne, Jaime and Bronn are ready to depart with Myrcella and Trystane. Ellaria 
apologizes to Myrcella and kisses her on the lips. Bronn and Tynene flirt. On the 
boat, Jaime gives the necklace back to Myrcella. He tells her he's glad she's happy 
with Trystane and she's lucky the arranged marriage worked out so well. She 
wonders if Cersei will like him and they laugh, knowing she probably won't. Jaime 
says you don't choose who you love and slowly begins to tell her about him and 
Cersei, but she says she already knows. He is shocked, but she says she's glad that 
Jaime is her father. They hug, until her nose begins to bleed and she collapses and 
dies. Ellaria poisoned her when she kissed her. Ellaria and the Sand Snakes are on 
the docs, watching. She wipes off the remaining lipstick and takes the antidote. 
They walk away knowing they were successful. 
 
In Mereen, Tyrion, Jorah, and Daario are in the throne room. Tyrion tells them that 
neither are fit to marry Daenerys. Grey Worm and Missandei enter. Grey Worm 
tells Jorah he shouldn't be there. Daario notes that he did save Dany's life. They 
plan to go after her. Jorah and Tyrion argue about who should go. Daario settles it, 
saying that Tyrion wouldn't help them find her and should stay as he has the most 
experience in governing a city. He says the people will listen to Grey Worm and 
Missandei. Tyrion watches as Jorah and Daario take off in search for Daenerys. 
Varys enters. Tyrion sees no point is asking how he found him. Varys tells him 
information is the key in governing a city. Varys could help him in this regard. He 
believes Tyrion is up to the task of governing Meereen. Tyrion says he missed him, 
and Varys replies, "Oh, I know." 
 
Dany is in a field somewhere, with Drogon. Dany says she needs to go home, but 
Drogon is tired and wounded and just wants to rest. Dany tries to get on his back. 
Drogon shrugs her off. She goes off alone in search of food when a Dothraki 
bloodrider finds her. More come. She drops a ring as means of a breadcrumb, as 
thousands of Dothraki surround her. 
 
Cersei is in her cell. The septa comes and she finally agrees to confess. She tells 
the High Sparrow that she slept with her cousin Lancel, but not Jaime. He notes 
that lying before the gods is a great crime. She denies that her children are Jaime's. 
He tells her that there will be a trial. He will let her return to the Red Keep after her 
atonement. She is stripped naked and roughly scrubbed clean. They then brutally 
cut her hair. Outside, the High Sparrow addresses the people and says Cersei's 
atonement is to to walk naked through the streets of Kings Landing. Cersei begins 
the walk, while the septa rings a bell and repeatedly yells "SHAME!" The peasants 
curse her, flash her, throw things at her. Cersei tries to remain strong through the 
walk, but by the end she breaks down in tears. Feet bloody, covered in spit, dung, 
and god knows what else, Cersei finally makes it into the Red Keep. Qyburn 
quickly covers her with a robe. He introduces her to the newest member of the 
kingsguard. A giant of a man, who used to be the Mountain. Qyburn says he swore 



a vow of silence, until all of Cersei's enemies are dead and evil has been driven 
from the realm. Cersei looks vengeful. 
 
Back at Castle Black, Davos tries to convince Jon to have the wildlings join 
Stannis's army. Jon refuses saying it isn't their fight. The gate opens and 
Melisandre rides through, looking beaten and depressed. Jon asks about Stannis 
and she doesn't answer. Davos asks about Shireen and she looks at him sadly. 
Davos is heartbroken. 
 
At night, Jon is looking at some papers in his office, when Olly enters. He says one 
of the wildlings he brought back knows where his uncle Benjen is. Jon scurries out 
of the room. Jon asks Alliser where the man is. Alliser leads him to where a bunch 
of the Nights Watch are gathered and at the center is a cross with the word "traitor" 
written on it. Jon turns and Alliser stabs him in the gut. "For the watch", he says. 
Many of his other Nights Watch "brothers" also stab him. Jon falls to his knees, 
struggling to stay conscious. He looks up and sees Olly, in tears holding a dagger. 
Jon says "Olly..." Olly stabs Jon in the heart and says "For the watch." The nights 
watch leave, as Jon bleeds out in the snow. 

 

S6, Ep1 

The Red Woman 

•  Castle Black at night, wolves howl in the distance. Jon Snow lies lifeless in the 
snow and blood. Davos notices and runs to the body. A few loyal Night's Watch 
carry him inside, place him on a table. Eddison Tollert suspects Alliser Thorne. 
Melisandre comes to see the body and appears puzzled. In the Main Hall Ser 
Alliser takes responsibility to an angry group and says he was being loyal to the 
Watch, but Snow was wrong to bring in the Wildings. In the other room the small 
group plan a fight. Davos hints to Eddison there are others who owe Jon Snow 
their lives. 
 
Ramsay Bolton is sad to see his bedmate Myranda dead, he vows vengeance for 
her but tells the Maester to feed her body to his dogs. Roose Bolton congratulates 
Ramsay for his command in the battle, but suggests it wasn't a great victory as the 
Baratheon army was in poor shape. Roose urges Ramsay to find Sansa and produce 
an heir, meanwhile his own wife Walda Frey is carrying a boy. 
 
Theon leads Sansa into an icy stream as baying hounds get closer. Downstream 
they get back on dry land and take shelter by a large uprooted tree. The hug each 
other for warmth. The hounds close in again, Theon says he will protect her. A 
group of Bolton horsemen and dogs arrive and surround the two. Brienne enters at 
the gallop and cuts down the soldiers. Podrick manages to hold his own and Theon 
makes sure there are no survivors. Brienne kneels before Sansa and offers her life. 



Sansa accepts and pledges her honour in return. 
 
A ship arrives in King's Landing. Cersei is happy to think Myrcella is arriving from 
Dorne. As the launch comes to shore she sees a silent Jaime and a draped coffin. 
Later Jaime tries to comfort a distraught Cersei. Cersei says it was prophesized 
long ago, Jaime wants to live for today, the future is in their control. 
 
Septa Unella reads scripture to Margaery in a cell and demands she confess. The 
High Sparrow enters and more calmly asks that she confess her sins before she can 
see Loras. Margaery is left deep in thought. 
 
In Dorne, Elaria Sand helps a weak Doran Martell to his garden chair. He gets a 
note that Myrcella is dead, suddenly the Sand Vipers kill his big guard and Elaria 
stabs Doran to death sneering at his weakness and his weak son. 
 
On a ship in Backwater Bay, Trystan Martell paints a stone. Two Sand Vipers 
come in and challenge the young man. He attempts to defend himself but is killed 
quickly. 
 
In Mereen Tyrion and Varys stroll the streets and banter. They come across a 
preacher and note the City is paralyzed with fear. Bells ring and people shout and 
run. The two go to the harbour and see Dany's invasion fleet in flames. 
 
Daario and Jorah find remains of a dragon's meal. The two chat and look forward 
to Dany's rule. Jorah checks his forearm, the greyscale is spreading. They find the 
trampled ground of a Dothraki horde. At the centre, Jorah finds the ring Daenerys 
dropped. 
 
In the barrens, the horde walks and rides. Daenerys is bound like a prisoner and 
walks beside two foul-mouthed horsemen. At the campsite, she is brought to Khal 
Moro. She is defiant and speaks in their language announcing her titles. Once she 
mentions she was wife to Khal Drogo then Moro backs off and cuts her bonds. 
Although it is forbidden to have sex with the widow of a Khal, her place is in Vaes 
Dothrak , in the temple of the Dosh Khaleesi. 
 
Arya is a blind beggar in the streets of Braavos. She gets a few coins in her bowl. 
The Waif comes to taunt her, throws her a stick and challenges her to a fight. The 
Waif shows no mercy and beats Arya senseless, and promises more the next day. 
 
Back in Castle Black Ser Alliser demands entry to the room holding Jon's body. He 
offers amnesty and free passage to Davos to go south. Davos is polite but refuses 
to unlock the door, he warns the others they will be slaughtered. Davis suggests the 
Red Woman can do something. 
 



In her room, Melisandre removes her ruby necklace and transforms into a wizened 
hag. She ponders her nude appearance in a mirror, then goes to bed. 

 

S6, Ep2 

Home 

•  In a cave an older man's head is intertwined with the branches. Bran Stark lies at 
the foot in a trance. The two time travel back to watch Ned and Benjen Stark play 
fighting as youth. Lyanna Stark arrives on horseback. A heavyset boy named 
Willis is there. It is a young Hodor. The Three-Eyed Raven ends the session 
abruptly. Bran wakes and sees Hodor, Meera is outside the cave pondering. Leaf 
tells Meera that Brandon Stark needs her. 
 
In Castle Black Ser Alliser tries to get Davos to open the door. A man with an axe 
starts to chop the door down, but suddenly Wun Wun leads a large throng of 
Wildings into the Courtyard. The Night's Watch surrender. Eddison Tollert has 
brought Tormund, they throw Alliser and the other murderers into the dungeon. 
Eddison and Tormund look at Jon's lifeless body and plan a pyre. 
 
In a lively market a man jokes about Cersei to much laughter. As he goes for a piss 
the Mountain appears and kills the man. 
 
Cersei leads the Mountain downstairs but the Kingsguard stops her from attending 
Myrcella's funeral. King Tommen and Jaime observe the casket in the Sept of 
Baelor. Tommen says Cersei is not allowed in the Sept. He feels ashamed he 
wasn't able to protect Margaery and Cersei. The High Sparrow comes in and says 
Tommen cannot see Margaery until she atones. Jaime and the High Sparrow trade 
verbal threats, Jaime seems prepared to kill the leader but suddenly a large group 
of Faith Militants arrive, Jaime relaxes. 
 
Cersei overlooks Kings Landing from the Red Keep. Tommen arrives and 
apologizes. He feels bad he did not punish the High Sparrow earlier. The two hug. 
 
Tyrion tries to be friendly with Varys, Grey Worm and Missandei. With the fleet 
burned and the Slavers re-gaining control, Tyrion suggests unchaining the two 
dragons. He says the beasts are intelligent and goes alone to the deep underground 
cell. One lunges at him from the dark, Tyrion is startled but remains calm and tries 
to soothe the savage beast. Talking gently he unhooks the neck clamp. The second 
offers his neck also, Tyrion releases it and both dragons go back to the darkness. 
 
The Waif beats Arya as they spar with sticks. Jaqen tests her about her name, and 
lets her follow him as she refuses to answer with 'Arya'. 
 



Roose Bolton questions Ramsay on how Sansa escaped. He seems displeased with 
Ramsay, who wants to attack Castle Black. A maester announces a boy is born to 
Roose's wife. Ramsay comes forward to hug his father, then stabs and kills him. 
Harald Karstark watches and supports Ramsay. They will say Roose was poisoned 
by enemies. 
 
Ramsay has the mother Walda Frey and newborn baby come to the kennel. She is 
puzzled and nervous about the dogs. Ramsay opens the gates and let's the dogs 
attack and kill the woman and child. 
 
Theon gathers wood, Pod starts a fire. Brienne and Sansa talk. They discuss Arya 
and Winterfell. Theon asks for a horse and says he's leaving them and going home, 
there is no way he can repay what he did to the Starks. 
 
In the Iron Islands the King argues with his daughter Yara. She is exasperated by 
useless battles to take small mainland castles, and wishes to withdraw. Angry, 
Balon goes outside, a rickety rope bridge connects two towers. In the middle a 
hooded figure stops his way, it is Euron Greyjoy, a nephew back after many years 
away. Euron tosses Balon off the bridge. 
 
In the morning Yara and others commit Balon's body to the sea, unsure how he 
died. The Maester tells Yara she does not automatically become Queen, the group 
will decide. 
 
Davos goes to see Melisandre. He asks if she can bring Jon back. Not too 
confident, she says she saw it done once. The Red Witch doubts her faith. She 
washes the body and snips some hair. She chants some ancient verses in another 
language. Tormund, Eddison and Davos watch silently. She washes his hair. She 
puts her hands on his torso and speaks the words. Nothing seems to happen and 
Tormund leaves snorting. Davos looks down in thought then leaves also. 
 
The sleeping dire wolf stirs, then Jon awakes gasping. 

 

S6, Ep3 

Oathbreaker 

•  Davos watches stunned as Jon Snow sits up gasping. His wolf also stares. Jon 
touches his stab wounds and stumbles. He remembers being stabbed. Melisandre 
asks what he saw after being stabbed, but there was nothing. She says the Lord of 
Light sent him back, someone has to be the Prince Who Was Promised. Davos 
urges to keep going on cleaning up, but Jon is despondent. Jon and Davos walk to 
a balcony overlooking the Courtyard, he walks through the silent Night's Watch. 
Tormund Giantsbane gives him a friendly hug. Eddison Tollert is glad to see him. 



 
Sam and Gilly are in a ship in a storm. Sam is seasick while Gilly is cheerful and 
excited. Sam tells her they are going to his family home, his mother can take care 
of her while he is in Maester training in Old Towne. 
 
A group of horsemen approach a high castle. A knight hones his sword. Bran and 
the Three Eyed Raven stand and watch, they have travelled back in time to observe 
an important event. Bran recognizes a younger version of his father Ned Stark, the 
man beside him is Howland Reed, Meera's father. The knight is Ser Arthur Dayne, 
the Sword of the Morning, the best swordsman. Stark has come for his sister, 
Dayne draws two swords. Five men against two, Then four on one, Dane with two 
swords defends against Stark's party. Three on one. Then two on one. Finally one 
on one, Ned Stark is about to lose until Reed recovers and stabs Dayne in the back, 
Bran is surprised how the battle ends. A scream in the castle, Ned runs toward. 
Bran calls out to his father, Ned stops and seems to have heard him. The Three 
Eyed Raven ends the trance, back in the cave he tells Bran he has to learn 
everything before taking over as the Three eyed Raven. 
 
Daenerys is walking in a dusty group as a prisoner. She is brought to a hut of 
Dothraki women, the Widows of the Khals, the Dosh Khaleen. The oldest lectures 
Dany in an unfriendly manner. 
 
In Mereen Varys meets a local woman. It is Vala, she has helped the Sons of the 
Harpy. She is bitter about the takeover of Mereen. Varys knows her son Dom and 
makes a veiled threat. He offers her a ship and silver to go away with her son. 
 
Tyrion, Grey Worm and Missandei sit quietly. Tyrion tries to engage the two in 
conversation. Varys joins them and says there are three groups funding the Sons of 
the Harpy. Tyrion asks Varys to send a message to the Slave Master triad. 
 
Maester Qyburn speaks to a group of street kids. They are Varys' Little Birds. He 
gives them candied plums and asks them to bring more friends, and whispers. 
Cersei and Jaime are there and the Mountain stomps in. The kids scatter. Cersei is 
planning to use Gregor Cleghane in an upcoming Trial by Combat. Cersei wants 
the Little Birds to find out everything. 
 
Pycelle tells the Small Council Qyburn was thrown out of the Citadel for black 
magic. Jaime and Cersei arrive, the Council tell Cersei she had no place there. But 
the twin Lannisters take seats and try to convince the others to rise up against the 
High Sparrow. The others refuse and leave the two alone at the table. 
 
King Tommen goes to see the High Septon. He is angry at the High Sparrow and 
wants Cersei to be able to see Myrcella's body. The High Sparrow talks in soothing 
tones, he says Cersei still has to go through a trial. He urges Tommen to have an 



open mind and the young King seems to listen. 
 
A blind Arya is beaten by the Waif. Arya also practices living blind, by her other 
senses. The Waif is trying to get Arya to reject and leave her past. Arya improves 
and is finally able to defend herself. When Jaqen asks her name she replies 'a girl 
has no name'. He offers a bowl of water and after a sip, she recovers her eyesight. 
 
Smalljon Umber meets Karstark and Ramsay Bolton. He has come to join Bolton 
to fight the Wildings and Snow. Umber refuses to kneel before Ramsay but does 
present a gift, Osha and Rickon Stark, and a black wolf's head as proof. 
 
At Castle Black the four men who knifed Jon Snow are arranged on a gallows. Jon 
asks them if they have any last words. Ser Alliser is defiant and doesn't regret. Jon 
cuts the holding rope and the four hang. Jon is sad about Olly in particular, then 
gives Eddison the cloak of the Commander, he says his 'watch has ended' and 
walks away. 

 

S6, Ep4 

Book of the Stranger 

•  Eddison asks Jon Snow what now? and reminds him of what is coming, Jon 
replies he has already given his life for the Night's Watch. A horn sounds, visitors 
arrive at the gates to Castle Black. Sansa, Brienne and Pod. Sansa and Jon hug 
each other warmly. Later they share a soup, and reminisce. Jon is tired of fighting 
and killing but Sansa wants help to take back the North. They decide to go and take 
back their home, Winterfell. 
 
Davos and Melisandre talk, she says Jon is the 'Prince That Was Promised" . Davos 
asks what happened to Shireen Baratheon. Brienne joins them and states bluntly 
she executed Stannis. 
 
Robin Arryn, the Young Lord of the Vale, House Arryn, feebly tries archery. 
Littlefinger arrives and presents the teen with a gift of a gyrfalcon. Yohn Royce 
wonders why he had returned, the two men bicker. Baelish gets agreement for the 
Knights of the Vale to help Sansa. 
 
In Mereen the four Ruling Council, Tyrion, Varys, Grey Worm, Missandei; discuss 
upcoming negotiations with the Slave Masters. The slavers want Daenerys and the 
rest gone. Tyrion offers them seven years to end the practice, there will be some 
compensation, and if they cut off the Sons of the Harpy. The men are given female 
escorts and told to consider the offer. Then Tyrion meets a delegation of upset 
former slaves from Mereen. They don't trust Tyrion but Grey Worm and Missandei 
support the Lannister. Alone later, Grey Worm urges Tyrion not to trust the 



Slavers. 
 
Jorah and Daario walk through the hills, Jorah is tiring. Daario brags about being 
the one chosen by Daenerys. They overlook Vaes Dothrak and plan their entry. 
Jorah says they need to remove their weapons, as they unload, Daario notices the 
greyscale on Jorah's forearm. At night they sneak into the Dothraki City. They 
need to kill two locals to keep quiet, Jorah is beaten up. 
 
In the tent with other widows the Dothraki women talk, there is a meeting of the 
Khals the next day when Daenerys' fate will be decided. Walking outside with 
another woman, Daario and Jorah appear and urge escape, Dany refuses, for now. 
 
In the Sept, Margaery Tyrell is brought to the High Sparrow. He questions her and 
feels she is not ready for atonement. He recalls his past as a cobbler who worked 
hard for money and fine goods until he realized it was all pointless. He takes 
Margaery to see her brother Loras in a dark cell. Loras is completely broken, his 
sister tries to boost him up. 
 
Cersei tells Grand Maester Pycelle to leave King Tommen alone. Tommen is 
worried for Margaery and seems to be willing to appease the High Sparrow. 
Tommen then trusts his mother and tells her about a private conversation he had 
with the High Septon. 
 
Cersei and Jaime meet with Olenna and Kevan. The four plan a combined 
Tyrell/Lannister action against the High Sparrow during Margaey's upcoming 
Walk of Atonement. 
 
In the foggy north Theon arrives at the Iron Islands. Yara is not happy to see him. 
She is still upset he betrayed her earlier when they tried to save him from Bolton. 
Theon weeps and says he has no wish to be King, only to help her rule. 
 
In Winterfell, Osha is brought to see Ramsay Bolton. Osha attempts to downplay 
her role with the Starks, she tries to seduce Ramsay. But he knows all from 
torturing Theon and slits her throat, then wipes the knife and continues eating an 
apple. 
 
A Bolton messenger arrives at Castle Black under a white flag. The letter is 
brought to Jon who is dining with the others. Ramsay has written a letter 
challenging Jon and noting he has Rickon prisoner. Ramsay signs the letter Lord of 
Winterfell and Warden of the North. Sansa says Ramsay has 5000 men, Tormund 
only has 2000, but they have to go and take back Winterfell. 
 
The Dothraki Khals bring Daenerys to them in a large hut. She tells them her plans. 
They hear her out but then laugh, insult her and threaten to take turns raping her. 



Calmly, she tips the burning braziers and the hut erupts in flames. The Dothraki 
Khals scream and burn. As the other Dothraki citizens come to see, Daenerys steps 
out of the raging inferno, completely nude and unharmed. Everyone bows to her in 
awe, Jorah and Daario come forward and bend their knees. 

 

S6, Ep5 

The Door 

•  Sansa sews a garment and receives mail. She goes with Brienne and goes to 
meet Petyr Baelish in Molestown, close to Castle Black. Littlefinger offers the 
Knights of the Vale. Sansa is very bitter at being handed to Ramsay Bolton and 
hints at the abuse she received. Littlefinger apologizes and offers to do anything to 
make amends. He then adds that Blackfish has taken Riverrun and could be a 
future ally. 
 
Arya and the Waif spar with poles, once again Arya is on the losing end as the 
other girl has superior fighting skills. Jaqen observes and seems displeased. Once 
again he lectures her in the Hall of Faces, Jaqen gives her a second chance to 
complete an assignment, and gives her a vial of poison for the target, an actress. 
 
At an outdoor stage a play is underway, the show depicts the death of Robert 
Baratheon with Cersei. The Ned Stark character is depicted as a buffoon, Arya 
watches and scowls and is even sadder when the beheading is played out. 
 
Backstage after the show the actors laugh and joke. Arya enters and pays attention 
to Lady Crane, the lead actress, who prefers rum as her drink of choice. Arya then 
reports to Jaqen and seems puzzled why Crane is being targeted. She suspects the 
other younger actress is jealous and behind it, but Arya commits to completing the 
hit. 
 
Bran is in a trance. Inside the dreamworld he walks with the Three Eyed Raven 
and sees the Leaf and the Children plunge a dragon glass blade into a man and 
create a White Walker. He wakes and Leaf says they did it to defend themselves 
against Man. 
 
In the Iron Islands Yara tries to take over as Queen, but faces resistance. Theon 
steps up and tells the gathering Yara is the rightful Leader. Euron Grejoy, their 
uncle, now announces himself and claims the throne. Euron freely admits to killing 
Balon Greyjoy. The Greyjoys debate their claims. Euron makes a compelling case 
and wins over the assembly. They prepare a drowning ceremony while Yara and 
Theon get away. Euron recovers from his baptismal drowning and is crowned 
King, but his niece and nephews have left with most of the Ironfleet. Euron 
demands they start building 1000 ships. 



 
On a hillside Daenerys meets Daario and Jorah. Mormont shows the spreading 
greyscale disease on his arm. He tells Dany he loves her and says farewell. She 
sadly orders him to find a cure and heal himself then return to her side. 
 
Tyrion, Varys, Missandei and Greyworm discuss the seeming peace in Mereen. 
Tyrion stresses the need for some positive propaganda that Daenerys was the one 
responsible. Tyrion then meets a Red Witch. The witch agrees Daenerys is the 
rightful leader and will help make sure she is respected and obeyed. Varys points 
out another red witch mistakenly supported Stannis Baratheon, she agrees but hints 
that she knows how and when Varys was castrated. The eunuch is stunned. 
 
Bran awakes and tosses a pebble at the Three Eyed Raven, who remains asleep. 
Bran goes into his trance again and sees a winter world, a large army of zombies. 
He walks through their ranks up to a White Walker on horseback. The Night King 
touches Bran, he wakes screaming. The Raven says they are coming now and says 
it is time for Bran and Meera to leave, and time for Bran to become the Three Eyed 
Raven. 
 
Jon Snow, Davos, Tormund, Sansa and Brienne discuss their situation. They 
review the Houses of the North and realize most have gone to the Bolton side, and 
it will take some convincing to get the rest on their side. Sansa mentions the 
Blackfish will support them but doesn't mention meeting Littlefinger. Later 
Brienne expresses some distrust about Davos and wonders why Sansa lied about 
how she knew about Blackfish. Sansa gives Jon a furry cloak as they prepare to 
leave Castle Black. 
 
In the cave Meera feeds Hodor, suddenly she runs to the mouth, there the Night 
King and Army approach. Leaf tells Meera to get Bran and run. Bran and the 
Raven see the past. The Children try to fight the zombies with fireballs but they 
come on into the cave. Meera loads the entranced Bran in the sled as the zombies 
reach the wier tree. Through the dream Bran takes control of a teenage Hodor in 
the past and present. Meera kills a White Walker with a spear. Bran's wolf is killed 
by zombies. The Night King kills the Three Eyed Raven. Meera and Hodor flee 
with Bran deeper into the cave. Leaf is killed but takes out many zombies. Hodor 
opens a door to the outside, then holds the door shut to allow Meera and Bran more 
time to escape. Hodor dies crying out "hold the door...ho dor..." 

 

S6, Ep6 

Blood of My Blood 

•  Bran and Meera struggle through a snowy forest, Bran is in a trance seeing 
Westeros' history. Too tired, Meera collapses and cries, Bran sees again the White 



Walkers, he wakes and says "they found us." A dark figure on a horse intervenes 
and kills the zombies with fire and the three leave on the horse. 
 
In a more pleasant clime,Sam and Gilly ride a stagecoach. Sam warns Gilly he has 
not informed his father of her Wilding background. They arrive at a large palace 
and are warmly greeted by Sam's mother and sister. He introduces Gilly and the 
infant as their son Samwell. Lord Tarly is at a hunt and will join them for dinner. 
 
Tommen and the High Sparrow discuss some plans in the sept, they discuss 
Margaery's conversion to the Faith. Tommen and Margaery meet alone, and 
discuss the High Sparrow. Margaery seems repentant about her cynical past and 
also wants some atonement for her brother Loras. 
 
Gilly is dressed and made up for a formal dinner. Lord Tarly is gruff and insulting 
to Sam and soon learns Gilly is a Wilding. He orders Sam to leave by daybreak but 
Gilly and the bastard can stay. 
 
Alone, Sam apologizes to Gilly, she understands and they kiss. Sam gathers them 
up and leaves before daylight and takes the family Valerian sword Heartsbane with 
him. 
 
A troupe of actors re-enact King Joffrey's poisoning. Arya watches and laughs with 
the audience. She considers the lead actress doing her soliloquy. Going backstage 
she poisons a drink at the actress' makeup table. Unable to leave, the actors come 
backstage after the show and Arya is stopped. The lead actress has noticed her and 
thinks Arya is an aspiring actor. They chat, the actors have a bitchy squabble, then 
Arya spills the poisoned bottle and warns the actress someone is out for her. Arya 
recovers her sword, Needle. Jaquen gives permission to the Waif to finally take 
care of Arya. 
 
In King's Landing Mace Tyrell leads a large armed troop and meets Jaime. At the 
sept The High Sparrow is making a speech to a large crowd about Margaery. Jaime 
and Tyrell march in and demand Margaery and Loras. Tensions rise, the the High 
Sparrow says there will be no Walk of Atonement. He reveals King Tommen is on 
their side and an alliance between the Crown and the Faith. Tommen makes a 
speech to solidify the pact, then announces Jaime is no longer Lord Commander of 
the Kingsguard. He is banished from King's Landing. 
 
Walder Frey reams out his two sons for losing Riverrun and the Blackfish. Angrily 
he orders them to take it back and use Edmure Tully as a hostage. 
 
Jaime laments he is being sent to Riverrun, Cersei calmly tells him to stand at the 
head of the Army, she is confident her upcoming Trial by Combat will be a 
surprise. Jaime and Cersei kiss passionately. 



 
The dark figure butchers a rabbit and says he was sent by the three-eyed raven. It is 
Benjen Stark. He had been stabbed by a White Walker but was saved by the 
Children before it took hold. 
 
Danerys rides with her Dothraki through a sandy wilderness. She discusses her 
plans with Daario. She rides on ahead alone. As the men wait a dragon appears 
overhead, Danerys is riding. She lands in front of the horde and makes a fiery 
speech to gain their loyalty in the war across the sea. 

 

S6, Ep7 

The Broken Man 

•  In a sunny countryside a group of men build a tall tower. The leader Brother Ray 
(Ian McShane) smiles and jokes. One large man carries a log by himself, the 
Hound, Sandor Cleghane. 
 
The Hound chops wood, Brother Ray comes by to chat. The meal bell clangs and 
everyone gathers, the Hound sits alone. Ray recalls how he found Clegane close to 
death, he thinks the Gods aren't done with him yet. Ray has heard of his past. 
 
The High Sparrow comes to talk with Margaery, he is impressed as she recites 
passages from memory. He wonders why she hasn't resumed conjugal relations 
with King Tommen. They need an heir to continue the cause. He also asks that she 
talk to her Grandmother. 
 
Margaery meets Dame Olenna Tyrell with a watcher present. They discuss Loras 
and his need to renounce his title. Margaery urges Olenna to return to Highgarden 
and secretly slips her a note. Alone, Olenna Tyrell sees a hand drawn rose and 
smiles. 
 
In the north, a group of Wilding leaders discuss continuing with Jon Snow. Jon 
tells them they need to fight with him for their families' sake. Tormund Giantsbane 
also tries to convince the others, Wun Wun the Giant supports Snow and the rest 
Finally agree. 
 
Back in King's Landing Cersei visits Olenna, surprised the older woman is leaving. 
Olenna blames it all on Cersei and tells her she is the worst person she's ever met, 
but suggests Cersei should leave too. 
 
Jaime leads a large army towards Riverrun. Bronn rides alongside and the two joke 
around. Outside the castle Jaime meets the Frey boys who are threatening to hang 
Edmure Tully. Blackfish looks down on them impassively and refuses to yield the 



castle. Jaime approaches Frey and ridicules their seige methods. He slaps the oaf 
then demands Tully be fed and cleaned up. Jaime announces he is taking over, then 
tells Bronn to set up a parley with Blackfish. 
 
Jon, Sansa and Davos meet Lyanna Mormont at Bear Island, a young child with a 
commanding presence. They ask for House Mormont's allegiance. The girl quizzes 
them and hesitates until Davos explains the real War is coming with the Dead and 
the North must be unified. Lyanna agrees to provide her 62 fighting men. 
 
Jaime rides on a white charger to the Riverrun drawbridge, he meets Blackfish and 
requests a surrender. Blackfish says they have two years' provisions and refuses. 
Jaime is finally upset at the failure to yield, Blackfish manages an insult on parting. 
 
At House Glover the Lord refuses to join Jon Snow despite being sworn to support 
the Starks. Glover is bitter over the results of Robb Stark's war. 
 
The Ironborne ships are moored at a covered bridge, inside the men and Yara drink 
and play with topless prostitutes. Theon is uncomfortable, Yara urges him to drink 
up and tries to build up his self esteem, and commit to be with her to join the 
Dragon Queen and take back the Iron Islands. 
 
Davos explains their snowy, Rocky encampment is the same place as Stannis 
stayed. They have less than 3000 men, Sansa says they need more men and 
distrusts Davos. She eyes a carrier raven, then pens and seals a note. 
 
Brother Ray preaches to his flock, he is a reformed thug and talks now only of 
peace and bringing goodness to the world. Three men on horseback arrive. Sandor 
is wary as the horsemen menace the peaceful gathering. Later he chops wood 
again, he warns Ray the men are from the Red Guard. Ray refuses to prepare for a 
fight. 
 
Arya walks up to two men at a cafe, she asks for ship's passage and provides a bag 
of coins, to leave at dawn. On a footbridge she is attacked and stabbed in the 
stomach by the Waif, disguised as an old woman. Arya manages to jump in the 
canal and swim to safety. Bleeding she stumbles through a marketplace, 
 
Sandor grabs a drink after heavy brush cutting. He hears a cry in the distance but 
when he arrives at the tower site everyone is dead, Brother Ray hanging in a noose 
from the rafters. Sandor grabs his axe. 

 

S6, Ep8 

No One 



•  Lady Crane acts out the death of King Joffrey as Cersei again, this time showing 
anger as Arya had suggested earlier. Backstage she finds the wounded Arya. She 
stitches up Arya and serves some soup. Arya is coy about her plans and hints she is 
travelling west of Westeros, to the unknown. Arya falls asleep. 
 
In a woods four men joke around a campfire. The Hound strides in and kills three 
quickly with his axe, demands to know where the man with the yellow cloak is 
from the last one left, but refusing to tell the defiant man, is killed also. 
 
In Mereen, Varys and Tyrion walk easily in the City. The deal with the slavers has 
brought some normalcy. Varys is leaving to find more allies abroad. 
 
Maester Qyburn enters Cersei's chambers. He announces seven members of the 
Faith Militant are there to see her. They order her to go see the High Septon, she 
refuses. The huge armoured Mountain steps in and brutally kills one Militant, 
Cersei returns to her apartment. 
 
Brienne and Pod arrive at Jaime's siege of Riverrun, she asks to see Jaime. Bronn 
and Pod re-connect and joke about Brienne and Jaime. Jaime and Brienne discuss 
the Tully's and Riverrun. Brienne asks for a chance to convince the Blackfish to 
leave the castle. Jaime gives her until nightfall. He also lets her keep the Valerian 
sword. 
 
In the castle Blackfish refuses to surrender his family seat. Brienne gives him a 
letter from Sansa but says he doesn't have enough men to help Winterfell. Brienne 
tells Pod to send a raven north with the message she failed. 
 
Cersei arrives in the Throne Room but is held back by Kevan Lannister and told to 
sit with the other ladies. Tommen makes a decree that Loras and Cersei will be 
tried and the Crown is forbidding Trial by Combat. Cersei is stunned. Qyburn 
sidles up beside her and whispers that the rumour he investigated is true. 
 
Tyrion tries to engage Grey Worm and Missandre in drink. They sip wine, Tyrion 
tells a joke which falls flat. Missandre tells a humorous joke. Grey Worm also 
lightens up. Suddenly warning bells clang, the Slave Master fleet has returned in 
strength. 
 
Jaime enters a tent with Edmure Tully tied to the centre pole. Although civil, Jaime 
states his respect for Catelyn Tully Stark, he threatens Edmure's baby boy and 
every Tully in order to end the siege. Edmure arrives at the castle and demands 
entry. Blackfish tells the guards to refuse but they state Edmure is the rightful Lord 
of Riverrun and they must obey. Edmure's is allowed in. Jaime and his army wait. 
Edmure orders the men inside to lay down their arms and open the gates. He also 
orders the Blackfish to be put in irons. Near the river Blackfish helps Brienne and 



Pod escape, he draws his sword and goes to fight. A guard reports to Jaime the 
Blackfish is dead, Jaime sees Brienne and Pod row away in the dark and waves 
farewell. 
 
The Slave Master fleet assaults Mereen with fireballs. Tyrion is unsure what to do, 
Grey Worm suggests a defensive strategy. A loud noise on the roof startles them, 
Danerys walks in from the balcony. 
 
On a country road the Hound finds Beric Dondarrion about to hang the yellow 
cloak man and others for pillaging local villages. Beric won't allow him to kill 
them with an axe, so he kicks out the boxes and the men dangle on their noose. The 
Hound takes the Lemoncloak's boots. Afterwards, Beric tries to convince Sandior 
to join them going north where he can do some good. 
 
Lady Crane checks on Arya, turns to a sound behind her. As the young Stark 
wakes she finds Crane dead and the Waif taunting her. Arya runs and the Waif 
chases through the streets and steam baths of Braavos. Arya falls and her wound 
re-opens. Weakened, she leaves a bloody trail for the Waif. They face each other in 
Arya's room, the Waif is confident, until Arya extinguishes the lone candle. The 
room goes black. Later Arya goes to see Jaqen. He seems satisfied she is finally a 
'no-one'. As she announces she is Arya Stark and going home, he smiles and lets 
her go. 

 

S6, Ep9 

Battle of the Bastards 

•  Mereen is assaulted by flaming catapults, Daenerys watches impassively. Tyrion 
attempts to explain what happened, the Queen says she is prepared to fight. Tyrion 
mentions that her father Aerys Targaryeon had planned to burn King's Landing 
with wildfire hidden under major capital buildings, which was why Jaime had 
killed him. In a cease fire three Slave Masters arrive and state their terms for 
surrender. Daenerys turns the tables and demands their surrender. Drogon appears, 
Daenerys climbs on and flies away. The other two dragons break out of their 
confinement in the dungeon. The three flying beasts gather over the attacking 
ships. Daenerys gives Drogon the order ("dracarys") to burn the ships -- Rhaegal 
and Viserion follow suit, breathing fire on a few of the fleet's number. The battle 
over, Tyrion then proceeds to reprimand the three Slavers and Grey Worm kills 
two of them. One is left alive to tell other potential usurpers how Daenerys deals 
with them. 
 
Ramsay Bolton and his retinue arrive for a parley with Sansa and Jon at centre 
field. He mocks them, reminds them he has Rickon, and refuses Jon's offer to settle 
things one-on-one. They break away with the formal battle set for the next 



morning. 
 
Jon and his War Council strategize, with a smaller force they will try to dig 
trenches, absorb a charge, and prevent any flanking attacks. Sansa seems 
pessimistic and warns Jon that Ramsay is setting a trap, she is upset her advice 
wasn't considered. Sansa is also fatalistic and says they can't save Rickon. The two 
argue, Jon expresses his confidence against the odds. 
 
Davos and Tormund chat, the Wilding offers a drink of fermented goat's milk but 
Davos wants to walk alone until he shits his guts out. Jon goes to talk to the Red 
Witch, she seems depressed and has no advice. Jon tells her not to "bring him 
back" if he dies, she says it is out of her control, the Lord of Light decides, and 
there is a reason Jon was recovered. 
 
Outside of camp, in the darkness, Davos comes across an old fire. Kicking the 
burnt wood he finds the small carved stag he had given young Shireen Baratheon 
long ago. He then realizes what happened there. 
 
Tyrion and Daenerys meet Theon and Yara Greyjoy. Unaware of all Theon has 
gone through he mildly insults the man, they are surprised when Theon says he is 
unfit to lead the Ironborne. In return for the Iron Islands the Greyjoys offer their 
ships and support Daeyneris' claim to the Throne. The women shake on it with the 
Westeros arm lock. 
 
Outside Winterfell the two armies face each other quietly a few hundred metres 
apart. The imposing and more numerous Bolton ranks stand firm. Ramsay rides a 
horse leading Rickon Stark by a rope. He holds a short sword high, then plunges 
down and cuts Rickon's bonds. He tells the frightened teen to run towards Jon. 
Rickon takes off across the no-man's land, Jon mounts his horse and races toward 
him. Ramsay playfully shoots arrows at Rickon getting closer each time. Near 
halfway an arrow kills Rickon before Jon can reach him. Enraged, Jon Snow 
continues on toward the Bolton army. Davos and Tormund are dismayed but rally 
and lead their troops forward. 
 
Ramsay commands his longbows to fire, Jon's horse is hit and he falls to the 
ground. The Bolton Cavalry charges at him. Taking up Longclaw he prepares to 
meet the charge, suddenly his own Cavalry are there and the armies clash. 
Ramsey's archers continue to fire into the melee which is brutal hand-to-hand 
combat. Davos then leads the Reserve forward and Smalljon Umber leads more 
Boltons into the fray. The bodies pile up. The Bolton troops completely surround 
the Snow forces and link their shields tightly with long pikes. Slowly the circle 
tightens as the Wildings try to break through in vain. The giant Wun Wun even has 
trouble and is riddled with arrows. At one side a large mound of bodies give some 
hope to escape. Jon is trapped under the mob of men and struggles to get up. 



Tormund engages Umber. Now all are pushed in tight. A horn sounds in the 
distance, Ramsay looks to his right and sees a large cavalry force join the battle, 
Sansa and Littlefinger leading. The blue and white horsemen of the Vale smash 
through the Bolton army. Ramsay retreats to Winterfell followed by Jon and Wun 
Wun . 
 
Wun Wun smashes the main doors to break into the castle but pays the ultimate 
price. He gazes at Jon as he dies, Ramsay firing the last arrow into the giant's eye. 
Ramsay now fires arrows at Snow, but Jon grabs a shield and protects himself. He 
gets to Bolton, seemingly intent on beating him to death. However, he stops when 
he sees Sansa, knowing he should leave Ramsay's fate to her. 
 
The Bolton banners are dropped and the Stark wolf banners are draped from the 
walls. Jon tells Tormund to bury Rickon in the Crypt. Sansa goes to the dog kennel 
where Ramsay is alive and tied up in a cage. Knowing his end is near he still tries 
to insult her, she tells him all trace of him will disappear, then releases his hungry 
hounds. Having been starved for a week by their master, they attack and chew his 
face, Ramsay Bolton dies screaming. 

 

S6, Ep10 

The Winds of Winter 

•  Church bells are ringing throughout Kings Landing. Everyone, from the High 
Sparrow to King Tommen, prepares for the trials of Cersei and Loras. The mood is 
sombre as people begin to take their positions. In the Red Keep, Cersei is dressing, 
looking upon the city. She puts on a black leather dress with a chain across the 
front, unlike anything she wore before; it looks more like an armor. In the Sept of 
Baelor Loras Tyrell is brought in, shivering and disheveled. He says there is no 
need for a trial; he is ready to confess everything. He is willing to renounce his title 
and future to become a member of the Faith Militant. The High Sparrow has their 
cult's star carved into his forehead. Mace Tyrell, his father, is upset and tries to run 
to his son, but Margaery holds him back. Margaery is upset too, that wasn't part of 
their deal, she says to the High Sparrow, confirming that there was some 
negotiation going on between them. In the king's chambers, Tommen is ready to go 
to the trial, however, the Mountain blocks him from leaving. 
 
As Grand Maester Pycelle makes his way to the Sept of Baelor, he is beckoned by 
a child who whispers something in his ear and he follows the child to Qyburn's 
laboratory. There Qyburn tells Pycelle "Before we can usher in the new, the old 
must be put to rest", just before a gang of children (the "little bird" spies) surround 
him, stabbing him to death. As the other sparrows leave to seize Cersei who has 
not come to the Sept, Lancel notices a child running to the chambers below the 
Sept and he starts chasing the child. He is led to a dungeon with a great array of 



barrels. He takes in the scene, with surprise, realizing, just before he is stabbed in 
his leg by the boy he was chasing, that it is a massive stash of wildfire with several 
candles burning in a small pool. 
 
In the Sept, people are waiting, apprehensively. Margaery senses there is 
something wrong about Cersei not coming; "She's beaten you; she knows the 
consequences of not being here", she warns the High Sparrow, but he ignores her. 
She tries to get everyone out, but the Faith Militant block her way. 
 
Lancel crawls forward toward a candle burning down in green pool of wildfire near 
the barrels. He is trying to blow it out and stop the wildfire igniting but he is not in 
time. There is a massive explosion, the green flames ripple through the building, 
sparing no one. Everyone in the Sept is obliterated and the building collapses in a 
green plume of smoke. One of the giant bells of the Sept flies through the city, 
smashing into a small plaza. Cersei looks on from the Red Keep, sipping her wine, 
with a gleeful smile. 
 
Continuing with her revenge, Cersei visits Septa Unella, the one who shouted 
"Shame!" at her during her walk of penance. She is strapped to a table, and Cersei 
waterboards her with wine and taunts her, admitting all her sins - killing King 
Robert, having kids with Jaime - and that they felt good to her. "Even confessing 
feels good under the right circumstances", she says. Unella says she is happy to die 
and see the gods, but Cersei tells her it's going to be a long time before she dies. 
"This is your god now", Cersei says and brings in the Mountain to torture Unella. 
He takes off his helmet, revealing a horrific sight. "Shame", Cersei says gleefully 
as she walks away from the screaming Unella, closing the chamber door. 
 
Tommen, looking over the devastation of the Sept, is devastated at the turn of 
events. As the guard leaves him alone, he takes off his crown and drops out the 
window to his death. When Cersei sees her last child's dead body she appears sad, 
but not surprised and rather cold. The prophecy after all had prepared her that all 
her children would die. She decides to have him cremated. 
 
At the Twins, Walder Frey toasts his house's stronger ties to House Lannister. 
Bronn and Jaime drink. As Walder Frey gloats about his victory "Here we are now, 
two Kingslayers!... Fear is a marvelous thing", Jaime corrects him; he hasn't really 
accomplished anything apart from murdering defenseless wedding guests. 
Whenever Walder needs help he calls the Lannisters to bail him out. The Freys 
have needed the Lannisters. Why do the Lannisters even need the Freys? 
Meanwhile, a pretty serving girl gives Jaime a couple of seemingly flirtatious 
looks. 
 
Later, when Walder is alone, the girl comes back. Walder wants to know where his 
sons are. The girl says they're right here, and reveals they're cooked into the pie she 



just served him. The girl whips off her mask and reveals herself to be Arya Stark. 
"The last thing you're ever going to see is a Stark smiling down at you as you die", 
she says. She slits his throat in much the same manner that her mother, Catelyn 
Stark, was killed. 
 
Sam, Gilly and little Sam arrive in Oldtown, where men become maesters. They 
see the white ravens leaving the Citadel, signifying Winter is here. Sam enters the 
impressive library, where he will need to wait for the arch maester to verify his 
credentials, while Gilly and Little Sam must wait outside. 
 
At Winterfell, Jon Snow and Melisandre are discussing recent events as Davos 
walks in, throwing Shireen's toy stag at her. He tells Jon the witch had little 
Shireen burned alive and demands that she is executed for it. Melisandre says she 
has been ready to die for a long time, but she can help Jon defeat the Night King. 
Regardless, Jon banishes her; she must ride south, and if she returns north, he will 
hang her as a murderer. 
 
Jon and Sansa reconcile. He says it was Sansa who won the battle, and asks her if 
she can really trust Littlefinger. She apologizes for not telling him about the 
Knights of the Vale plan and agrees it is not wise to trust Littlefinger. Later on, 
Sansa meets with Littlefinger and asks him what he wants. He admits he is after 
the Iron Throne, with Sansa as his queen and attempts to kiss her. She appears to 
entertain the thought but avoids the kiss. 
 
North of the Wall, Bran Stark, now the new Three-Eyed Raven, bids farewell to his 
reanimated Uncle Benjen. Benjen cannot pass beyond the Wall because he is 
technically dead. "While it stands, the dead cannot pass", he says, reminding them 
that the Wall was built to keep out the White Walkers, and there is a spell on it that 
prevents anybody who is undead from passing. Bran and Meera are left near a 
weirwood tree, where Bran again goes into the past to finish his vision of his 
father, Ned, at the Tower of Joy. They go in and find Lyanna Stark, Ned's sister, 
dying in a pool of blood. "Promise me, Ned" she says. She whispers something in 
his ear. A baby is brought to Ned. The closeup of the child cuts to a closeup of Jon 
Snow, all grown up, seemingly confirming Jon's true parentage; Jon was never 
Ned's bastard son but the son of Lyanna Stark and Prince Rhaegar Targaryen. 
 
At Winterfell, Jon is overseeing a debate between the Lords of the North. There are 
disagreements about whether they should side with Wildlings. The 10-year old 
Lady Mormont chastises them for their cowardice and declares Jon the King in the 
North. Lord Glover who had refused to help now agrees Jon is the King. Soon 
others join in. "The King in the North!" everyone cries as Jon rises. Sansa is seen 
smiling, whereas Littlefinger is not pleased with the development, as his interest 
was to establish Sansa as the true Stark heir and stays quiet in the background. 
 



In Dorne, Lady Olenna, in black mourning clothes, her whole family wiped out, 
meets with the Sand Snakes. They all want to go to war with the Lannisters and 
Varys arrives on the scene, conveying "fire and blood", war is coming. 
 
In the south, Jaime and his crew ride to King's Landing, where they see in shock 
the smoking ruins of the Sept of Baelor and hurry to the Throne Room. There the 
lords and ladies have gathered. Cersei walks in, with her entourage, the Mountain 
and the rest of the Kingsguard. She takes her seat on the Iron Throne. Cersei and 
Jaime share a look; Jamie looks at her, befuddled, from the gallery. Qyburn is the 
Hand of the Queen. "Long may she reign", Qyburn proclaims. 
 
In Mereen, Daenerys asks Daario to stay behind while she sails to Westeros, to rule 
Mereen for her until they elect their own rulers, effectively breaking up with him. 
She admits that he would be a distraction and prevent her from being able to enter 
into a political marriage. Daario is frustrated and declares his love for her but 
ultimately accepts her decision. Daenerys discusses with Tyrion how it went with 
Daario and it appears he was the one who had advised her to leave her lover Daario 
behind, for political expediency. She confesses to Tyrion it was not hard to let go 
of Daario and only looks forward, to the charge to Westeros. He says "I've been a 
cynic for as long as I can remember. Everybody was always asking me to believe 
in things... but I believe in you". She then presents him with a pin she had made for 
him; she's making him her Hand of the Queen. They set sail for Westeros and the 
parting shot is of her significant fleet sailing west, with her great dragons flying 
over the ships and waves. 

 

S7, Ep1 

Dragonstone 

•  Season 7 Ep 1 
 
Walder Frey treats his male relatives to a feast, he recaps the Red Wedding then 
poisons them all with wine. Arya unmasks herself, leaves two girls as witnesses. 
 
A cloud comes over the land, the Night King, white walkers and zombies marching 
south. 
 
Brann sees the vision as he is pulled up to the Wall Gate, Bran greets Eddison 
Tollett and explains the Whitewalkers he saw at Hardhome are coming. 
 
Jon gives orders to find Dragonglass and start training all men and women from 
age 10 in combat. He sends Tormund and the Freefolk to the East Watch Castle. 
Sansa argues about the Karstark Castles, Jon overrules her. He gets an oath of 
loyalty from Ned and Alice Karstark. Later Jon tells Sansa not to question him in 



public. She urges him to be smarter, and listen to her advice. 
 
Cersei sends a raven message ordering him to King's Landing. Sansa warns him 
not to cross Cersei. 
 
Jaime and Cersei talk over a large map of Westeros. Cersei explains Daenerys and 
Tyrion are coming. Jaime thinks they will land at Dragonstone. Cersei says they 
are surrounded, Jaime says they need to work with the Tyrells, they need allies, 
and says they are the last of their family. 
 
An Armada approaches, the Ironborne have come to help Cersei. Euron Greyjoy 
has an audience with Cersei. He wants vengeance against Theon and His sister. 
They recount a past battle between their families, Greyjoy claims he doesn't mind 
the loss to the Lannisters. Euron wants to get married in return for the 1000 ships. 
Cersei says she doesn't trust him, he leaves saying he'll be back with a gift. 
 
Samwell Tarly is treated like a newbie at the Maester Citadel and given chamber 
pot duties. He notices a locked gate section of the library . He helps with an 
autopsy, and asks for access to the restricted books. Archmaester Marwyn finally 
believes him but reassures him the Wall has held everytime. At night Sam takes the 
keys and enters the restricted area. 
 
Brienne spars with Pod as Tormund watches. Baelish and Sansa talk, he wonders if 
she is happy. Brienne is suspicious of Baelish. 
 
Arya riding alone comes across a group of men (incl. Ed Sheeran) singing by a 
fire, she joins them. They chat in a friendly manner. Arya announces she is going 
to kill the Queen, the soldiers laugh. 
 
The Hound travels through snow with Beric Dondarrion and his men, they stop at a 
deserted inn. Cleghane is wary, but they enter. They find skeletons. Cleghane 
wonders why Beric has been resurrected, Beric is not sure why. They urge him to 
look into the fire to see answers, Cleghane sees the zombies coming to Castle 
Black. Later Sandor buries the dead people, Dondarrion realizes Cleghane knew 
them, this was the family Cleghane had taken the silver from in an earlier season. 
 
Sam is tired and reads an old manuscript he has taken home. He finds a reference 
to Dragonglass, then finds a map showing that under Dragonstone is a mountain of 
Dragonglass, and pens a note to Jon. On his rounds of a jail area a hand thrusts out 
of a cell and a voice asks if Daenerys has landed yet, 
 
Daenerys makes landfall beneath a great castle and kneels in the sand. She leads 
her troop to the front doors and walks in past the stone dragon heads. The 



Dragonstone castle is at the end of a long path up the cliff. They enter a deserted 
Throne Room. The map room left by Stannis Baratheon is in place. 

 

S7, Ep2 

Stormborn 

•  Episode 2 
 
A storm rages outside Dragonstone. Daenerys plans with Varys and Tyrion. Dany 
challenges Varys, gets him to admit he has been self-serving. Varys swears loyalty 
under threat. 
 
Red Witch Melisandre arrives, she states the prophecy of the Prince or Princess 
that Was Promised, and mentions Jon Snow the King of the North. Tyrion says he 
likes and trusts Jon, and can be a valuable ally. Daenerys orders a message for 
Snow to come and bend a knee. 
 
Sansa, Jon and Ser Davos review the message, Davos says it may be helpful. 
 
Cersei speaks to her Council instilling fear of the Dothraki hordes and the 
Targaeryon past. Her maester Qyburn says they are working on a plan for the 
dragons. Jaime speaks to Lord Tarly, he wants him to be their lead General, but 
Tarly is a Tyrell Bannerman. 
 
Jorah Mormont has bad grey scale over most of his torso, the Arch Maester says it 
is too late to stop it. Sam mentions Shireen Baratheon but the Maester says she was 
a child and it was caught early. Jorah can only stay in the Citadel one more day. 
 
Qyburn shows Cersei a crossbow weapon designed to kill the dragons, he points 
out they are not invincible. 
 
Daenerys has a war council; Olenna Tyrell, Yara Greyjoy and Ellaria Sand are 
there and encourage immediate war and attack. Tyrion explains the plan; Dorne 
and Tyrell armies will lay siege to Kings Landing, the Dothraki and Eunuch 
Unsullied will attack Casterly Rock the Lannister Home. Olenna tries to get 
Daenerys to 'be a dragon'. 
 
Missandei and Greyworm share a heartfelt farewell. They kiss, she disrobes, she 
strips him, they make love. 
 
Sam is given homework and is piled with reading. Sam says he may have found a 
cure for grayscale but the Arch Maester discounts it as too dangerous. Jorah writes 
a note in his room, is disturbed by Sam bringing food. Sam orders Jorah to drink a 



bottle of rum, he has the book and will follow the painful cure. Sam begins to cut 
off the infected tissue, Jorah is in agony. 
 
Ayra sits in a pub alone, a chubby lad, her old friend Hot Pie brings her a tasty 
bread. They chat, he reveals Jon Snow has won the Battle of the Bastards, 
surprised she finishes her meal and departs. 
 
Jon Snow gets Sam's message that dragonglass lies beneath Dragonstone. Snow 
then updates his Council and says he will travel to meet Daenerys, the North needs 
her dragonglass and power. Sansa and the Lords try to change his mind. Sansa will 
be left in charge, Petyr Baelish smiles at the news. Later Baelish talks to Jon in the 
catacombs, the two are not friends. Jon rides off with Davos and a small troop. 
 
Arya's horse is unsettled, she draws her sword as a pack of wolves surrounds her 
fire. The alpha is Nymeria, her long lost family pet. The huge direwolf turns and 
leaves with the pack. 
 
The Sand Snakes are unhappy on a ship. The Dornes are sailing with the Greyjoys. 
Suddenly they are under attack, Euron Greyjoy and his massive battleship ram and 
board, the fighting is fierce, the Greyjoy fleet is in flames. Euron kills two Sand 
Snakes, Ellaria is taken, then Euron subdues Yara; Theon, panics and jumps 
overboard. Later he surveys the ruined fleet on a float as Euron's ship sails away. 

 

S7, Ep3 

The Queen's Justice 

•  S7 Ep 3 
 
A launch beaches at a rugged coast, Jon Snow arrives at Dragonstone, Snow and 
Davos greet Tyrion and Missandei warmly, but are required to disarm. Tyrion and 
Jon chat and catch up since they last met, both have long stories to tell. Suddenly a 
dragon swoops low and startles the visitors. 
 
Melisandre and Varys watch from on high. She is on her way to Volantis but 
ominously says she will be back. 
 
Jon is brought to the Throne Room, Missandei announces the Queen"s titles, she 
says the Stark's pledged loyalty to the Targaryeon's for eternity. Daenerys demands 
Jon bends a knee. The meeting goes sideways as Jon refuses and brings up the 
White Walkers and The Army of the Dead. Varys arrives and whispers something 
in Daenerys' ear, she ends the meeting. 
 
Varys has the bad news about the lost naval battle and the loss of the Sands. 



 
Theon is rescued by remnants of his fleet,they are disgusted by his cowardice. 
 
Euron Greyjoy rides a horse into King's Landing leading Yara and Illaria and 
Tyene Sand by the neck.The women are pelted by the crowds. Euron presents the 
women to Cersei. Cersei annouces Euron and Jaime will co-command the military. 
 
In a dudgeon Cersei taunts Illaria, bitter about the murder of her daughter. Cersei 
kisses the Tyene Sand and wipes off the lipstick poison, the same one Illaria used. 
Illaria, chained and gagged, is in tears. 
 
Cersei goes to the dining room, a depressed Jaime is there, she takes him for sex. 
In the morning a door knocks, a visitor has arrived from Braavos. The 
representative from the Iron Bank commiserates but gets to the money talk. Cersei 
attempts to show her side is the better bet and asks for two weeks to prove it. 
 
Tyrion and Jon talk at a high cliff, Jon is frustrated as a de facto prisoner. Tyrion 
believes him about the Night King, but may be able to help with a reasonable 
request. Tyrion then relays the request for dragonglass to Daenerys. Later Dany 
meets Jon overlooking the sea. Daenerys agrees to give him the dragonglass. 
 
Back in Winterfell Sansa gives orders to gather grain, put leather on metal 
breastplates. Baelish says she`s doing a great job. He warns her to be prepared for 
anything. Summoned to the courtyard she meets her brother Bran, the two hug. 
They chat at the red tree. He says he is the Three EyedRaven, all knowing and all 
seeing, but difficult to explain. Jorah Mormount is examined, the grey scale 
infection is inactive. Jorah is free to go and thanks Sam Tarly, they shake hands in 
farewell. In the office the Archmaestre reprimands Sam but acknowledges he 
completed a difficult cure, but gives him a punitive task to copy old manuscripts. 
 
Daenerys wants to go to sea with her three dragons to defeate Euron. Tyrion, Varys 
and Missandei say it is too risky. They discuss the battle in Casterly Rock, Tyrion 
reveals only he is aware of a secret sewer passage, The entry point for the 
Unsullied. Grey Worm and his eunuchs prevail but the Lannister defense is weak, 
the expected 10,000 defenders are not there. Euron and his fleet are in the harbour 
burining the Unsullied ships. 
 
Instead Jaime leads his army against House Tyrell, winning easily. He meets Dame 
Olenna afterwards, Olenna regrets underestimating how evil Cersei is. Jaime offers 
her poison as a way out, Olenna drinks quickly. Olenna then reveals she was the 
one who poisoned Joffrey. Jaime leaves with a grimace. 

 

S7, Ep4 



The Spoils of War 

•  S7 E4 
 
Jaime Lannister opens a wagon full of gold from the Tyrell vaults at Highgarden, 
the army is on the march back home. Bronn is there wondering why Jaime is upset. 
Bronn gets a cash reward but wants more. Jaime orders Bronn to help the Tarly's 
round up food from the local farmers. 
 
The Iron Bank rep thanks Cersei for the gold repayment, on its way. He suggests 
future deals and their support. She plans on deals with Essos. 
 
Petyr Baelish sits with Bran and gives him the Valeryian steel dagger that killed 
his mother, but doesn't know who owned it. Baelish promises support but is 
stopped by a cryptic comment, "chaos is a ladder", Littlefinger had used that 
phrase in private conversation with Varys years ago (S3 E6). Meera Reed arrives 
to say she is leaving to be close to her family, she gets upset with his blasÃ© 
thanks, he mutters he is no longer Brandon Stark. 
 
Arya arrives at the gates of Winterfell, the two guards don't believe she is a Stark, 
but she convinces them to let her in. She sits and views her home, then slips away 
from the guards. Sansa is told about Arya, smiles then goes to the crypts. The two 
sisters finally meet. Arya asks if Sansa killed Joffrey, and mentions her kill list. 
They meet Bran at the red tree, Bran is moody and knows about the list. Bran gives 
Arya the dagger. 
 
A Dragonstone Missandei and Daenerys wait for word from Greyworm. Jon Snow 
wants to show them a cave , they have found a large vein of dragonglass. Deeper in 
the cave Jon shows her ancient wall drawings, the Children of the Forest and First 
Men, and the Wights. Jon stresses they need to join together to fight the real 
enemy. Daenerys says she will fight for the North when he bends the knee. 
 
Outside the cave Tyrion has somber news about Casterly Rock. They need 
adjustments to their strategy, Daenerys is furious and wants to attack Kings 
Landing. She asks Jon's opinion, he hesitates but warns against attacking civilians. 
 
At Winterfell Brienne toys with Pod sparring with swords. Arya comes and wants 
to play. Arya displays superb fencing skills as Littlefinger and Sansa watch. 
 
Davos and Jon chat about Daenerys, and their meagre 10,000 troops. The meet 
Missandei and explain Snow's bastard name. The men are surprised Missandei is 
serving Dany by voluntary choice. They see a ship arrive. Theon has returned, Jon 
is angry with himbut Greyjoy briefs them on Euron and Yara. 
 



Jaime and Bronn watch as their army is strung out, tired and preparing to bivouac. 
The gold is safely at Kings Landing. They chat with Dickon Tarly, it was his first 
battle. They hear a rumble and Jaime sounds the alarm for swords and shields, the 
foot soldiers scramble to form a line. Dothraki cavalry charge down the plains, and 
a dragon swoops in overhead. Dany rides and opens fire, burning a hole in the 
Lannister line, the Dothraki break through. Dany on her dragon provides aerial 
support burning the Lannister army. Jaime organizes a squad of archers to veer the 
dragon off, Bronn rides to get the "scorpion". A Dothraki chops Bronn's horse's 
legs, he falls and loses his bag of silver. Getting to a wagon he arms the huge 
crossbow and searches the sky for the dragon. Tyrion watches with dismay from a 
hilltop as the Dothraki slaughter the Lannister army. As the dragon flies in low, 
Bronn fires but misses, he reloads. With the dragon coming back around his second 
shot hits the flying beast, Dany rides the injured animal to the ground. She 
dismounts and attempts to pull the bolt. Jaime sees a chance and charges with a 
lance. Just before the dragon turns to roast Jaime, Bronn knocks him aside and 
both men fall into the deep lake, 

 

S7, Ep5 

Eastwatch 

•  Bronn and Jaime surface gasping from the river. Jaime is worried about what 
three dragons can do having seen one in action. 
 
Tyrion walks through the burnt wreckage, prisoners are gathered in front of 
Daenerys and her dragon. She asks the remnants of the Lannister army to bend a 
knee or die, Drogon encourages them with a roar. Lord Tarly is defiant, his son 
Dickon also refuses. Tyrion tries to get Daenerys to show some mercy but she 
orders Drogon to flame the two. The rest of the prisoners kneel quickly. 
 
Jaime reports to Cersei, Jaime is now pessimistic but Cersei will fight on with 
mercenaries. Jaime then reveals Olenna Tyrell killed Joffrey, Cersei accepts the 
logical truth. 
 
Drogon approaches Jon Snow, nervous he touches the snout, the beast relaxes. 
Dany gets off, she reports her victory. She asks about the knife in the heart, he 
changes the subject. 
 
Jorah Mormont arrives, Jon is introduced, Dany and Jorah hug. 
 
Brann wargs into a raven and flies over the wall with a flock, they find the 
advancing wights. Brann wakes and says they need to send a raven. 
 
The ArchMaestre reads the warning from Brann but is doubtful with the other 



Maesters. Sam suggests they take it seriously and do something but the others 
laugh it off. 
 
Varys and Tyrion share a drink, Varys remembers Aegon Targaryeon and his cruel 
rule, he urges Tyrion to get her to stop the burnings. 
 
Jon gets his message, he takes it to Dany's Council. They plan to capture a Wight 
to show Cersei, Tyrion is to convince Jaime a truce is needed, Davos will get 
Tyrion into Kings Landing, Jorah will help bring the Wight. Jon will lead the 
mission beyond the Wall. 
 
The North Lords grumble to Sansa about Jon's absence, she settles them down. 
Arya complains afterwards that Sansa let some insults go and some heads should 
roll, she suggests Sansa wouldn't mind if Jon didn't return. 
 
Davos and Tyrion land near Kings Landing, Davos says he is off to Fleabottom 
leaving Tyrion. Bronn leads Jaime to the meeting with Tyrion in a catacomb. The 
murder of Tywin still is between them, Tyrion raises the idea of an armistice while 
they deal with the north. 
 
Davos meets a blacksmith, Gendry back at work making swords. Gendry is happy 
to leave with Davos and takes a big warhammer. At the boat two nosy guards 
approach. Davos pays them a bribe and jokes. Tyrion arrives and the guards 
recognize him, Gendry kills them with the hammer. 
 
Jaime reports to Cersei, she knew from Bronn he met Tyrion and realizes an 
accommodation with Daenerys would be useful. She also says she is pregnant with 
Jaime. 
 
Gendry meets Jon Snow and the two talk of meeting their respective fathers, 
Gendry will go north with them. Tyrion wishes Jorah luck and gives the lucky coin 
from their earlier travels. Snow, Mormont, Davos and Gendry leave by their 
launch. 
 
Sam Tarly is frustrated as Gilly reads from one of the manuscripts he is 
transcribing. She puzzles over a passage about a Prince Rhaegar marriage and 
coincident annulment. Fed up, Sam takes some old documents, packs up his family 
into a wagon in the dead of night and leaves the Citadel, wanting to do more. 
 
Littlefinger gives a serving girl something, Arya watches and spies on his 
activities. A man brings a document to his door, Baelish thanks him then leaves. 
Arya picks his door lock and enters his room. She searches. She finds a tiny scroll 
under the mattress, signed by Sansa. Leaving the room, Baelish watches from a 
dark alcove with a devious smile. 



 
Snow's Group arrives at the EastWatch Castle. They brief Tormund on their 
mission. Tormund shows them three prisoners, the Hound, Dondarrion and Thoros. 
After some back and forth about old slights the small group agree to work together. 
Davos will stay behind. The gate raises and the team ventures north into the snows. 

 

S7, Ep6 

Beyond the Wall 

•  S7 E6 
 
The Snow party marches and Tormund jokes about life in the Wilds. Gendry 
whinges about his sale to the Red Witch. Jon and Jorah chat, Jon offers the sword 
Longclaw, Jorah refuses to take it. 
 
At a snowy Winterfell Arya and Sansa reminisce about their father Ned. Arya 
accuses Sansa of betrayal and shows the note Sansa wrote to Robb years ago 
asking for his surrender. Sansa counters and states she was the one who won back 
Winterfell. Arya threatens to show the note to the Lords of the North. 
 
Back on the hike Tormund teases Cleghane, they talk of Brienne of Tarth. 
Dondarrion and Jon chat about their resurrections, and the reason why. They 
approach an Arrowhead shaped mountain ( similar to The Matterhorn). 
 
Tyrion and Daenerys chat about Jon and Cersei. They need a strategy for the 
upcoming meeting. Tyrion urges caution and no impulsive acts, he also brings up a 
succession plan, Dany cuts him short. 
 
In a blizzard a bear with blue eyes attacks, the squad. Dondarrion lights it on fire, 
the burning bear goes for a transfixed Hound, Thoros jumps in front but is mauled. 
The bear is killed, Thoros' wounds are cauterized 
 
Littlefinger counsels Sansa, they discuss Arya. Baelish suggests Brienne can help. 
 
Tormund and Jon see a group of zombies in a canyon, they attack them, Jon kills 
the white walker leader and all except one crumble to dust. The wight screams out 
and as a larger mass approaches the humans takes shelter on an island rock. 
Gendry was sent back to EastWatch to get help, he runs and reaches the Gate. 
Davos calls for a Maester to send a raven. 
 
At the frozen lake a huge army of wights surrounds the island, kept back by thin 
ice. Thoros dies, they burn his body. The see the Night King watching on high, 
Beric Dondarion says they need to kill him. 



 
Sansa receives an invitation to King's Landing, she decides to send Brienne. The 
Knight from Tarth is worried about Littlefinger but Sansa dismisses her. 
 
Daenerys prepares to ride north, Tyrion says it is too dangerous, but she flies away 
with all three dragons. 
 
The Hound throws rocks at the zombies, one lands on the solid ice, the attack 
begins. The humans fight at close quarters and save each other, Jon orders a 
fallback. Things look desperate, then the dragons arrive breathing fire. Dany lands 
to pick up the men, Jon stays last. The Night King throws a blue lance and kills a 
dragon. Jon stares down the Night King, then is dragged underwater. Dany takes 
off and another lance just misses Drogon. 
 
Jon crawls out of the water but is freezing, as another swarm of wights approaches 
a rider with a flaming flail saves him. It is Benjen Stark, he gives his horse to Jon 
and buys time until he is swarmed. 
 
At EastWatch Dany waits, they prepare to sail back with the wight. Tormund and 
Cleghane are cheerful buddies. Jon staggers in on the horse, as Davos strips the 
frozen robes Dany sees his chest scars. 
 
Sansa finds Arya's mask pouch. Arya explains they are from her training. Arya 
tries to question her sister, then menaces her with a knife. 
 
On the ship Jon apologizes to Dany for the mission, but she said she had to see to 
believe. She vows they will fight together, he seems prepared to bend a knee. 
 
Back at the frozen lake the zombies drag the dead dragon out. The Night King 
touches the head and a large blue eye opens. 

 

S7, Ep7 

The Dragon and the Wolf 

•  S7 E7 
 
Grey Worm stands in front of thousands of Unsullied before the walls of Kings 
Landing. Bronn and Jaime watch from the walls as they prepare burning oil. A 
horn sounds, the Dothraki riders gallop forward to the foot of the walls. 
 
A ship approaches Blackwater Bay, Tyrion Jon and Davos look at Euron's 
impressive fleet. The Hound checks the box holding the Wight in the hold. 
 



Cersei gives orders to The Mountain to kill everyone if everything goes sideways. 
A neutral spot has been chosen outside Kings Landing. Everyone walks to the site, 
an abandoned dragon gladiator arena. Tyrion greets Pod. Brienne and Sandor chat 
as friends. Bronn and Tyrion also chat, Tyrion offers twice his pay, Bronn laughs it 
off. Bronn takes Pod off for a drink. 
 
Cersei arrives with the Mountain, Euron, Qyburn and Jaime and a retinue of 
soldiers. Sandor greets and threatens his brother. Cersei asks about Daenerys,who 
makes a dramatic entrance by dragon. They all sit. 
 
Euron immediately threatens Tyrion and is told to sit. Jon broaches the subject of 
the Night King's Army but Cersei is suspicious. The Hound releases the Wight, it 
charges at Cersei, it is cut in-half then an arm is cut off which remains animated 
Jon demonstrates the two ways to kill them, fire and dragonglass. Euron announces 
he is leaving, the worst thing he has ever seen. Cersei agrees to the Truce, but only 
if Jon stays in the North. Jon announces he has already pledged to Queen 
Daenerys. Cersei says no deal, then leaves. Brienne tries to get Jaime to change 
Cersei's mind. 
 
Tyrion, Dany and Davos are upset with the timing of Jon's announcement, he 
declares he cannot lie. Tyrion says he must go talk to Cersei alone. Tyrion goes to 
the Red Keep and has a forlorn talk with Jaime first, then goes to Cersei's quarters, 
followed by the Mountain. 
 
The bitterness between the two erupts, Tyrion dares her to say the word and have 
him killed, she cannot; he pours himself a drink, and gives her a glass. As they 
talk, Tyrion realizes Cersei is pregnant. 
 
Jon and Dany talk back at the arena.They realize things look bad for them if Cersei 
doesn't agree. Then, Tyrion returns followed by Cersei. Cersei announces she will 
now join them and march her army North, without any promises in return. 
 
In Winterfell Sansa is dismayed at not hearing from Jon. Baelish suggests Jon and 
Daenerys will likely form a relationship of sorts. They talk about Arya, Littlefinger 
plants a "worst case" seed that Arya is there to kill Sansa. 
 
At the War Council Jon stresses the need to be seen together with Daeneyrs, 
against Jorah's advice she should fly alone. Theon meets Jon in private, puzzled 
why Jon didn't lie. Theon is despondent and Jon forgives him and stresses he was 
still raised by Ned Stark, they both were. On the beach Theon tries to get the 
remnants of Yara's sailors to go and rescue her. He fights the big Lieutenant, badly 
beaten he finds strength and manages to win. The other men accept him as the 
leader, "for Yara". 
 



Sansa has Arya brought to her, in a room full of soldiers. Sansa then accuses 
Littlefinger of murder and treason. Stunned, he attempts to talk himself out of 
trouble. Sansa points out Baelish killed Lady Arryn and conspired to kill Ned 
Stark. Desperate, Baelish begs for his life, on his knees, Arya slashes his throat 
with the Valerian dagger. 
 
Cersei interrupts Jaime organizing his Generals, she reveals the truce was a ruse, 
she has no intent to support Dany and Jon. Jaime is furious. Cersei suspects 
something happened to one dragon and refers to a mercenary company of 25,000 
sellswords in Essos. Euron Greyjoy is on his way to pick them up. Jaime 
announces he will go north, and dares her to stop him. Snow begins to fall in Kings 
Landing. 
 
Bran sits by a fire, Sam knocks and enters. Bran asks why he came. They start to 
talk of Jon's parents Rhaegar and Liana Stark, with Sam's knowledge of the 
annulment, together they realize Jon is the legitimate heir to the Targaryeon throne. 
 
On the ship Jon and Dany make love, Tyrion watches the room deep in thought. 
 
Arya and Sansa reflect and grow closer. 
 
Brann is in a trance warging in a raven. At EastWatch Tormund looks out at the 
Wilds. The wights and WhiteWalkers march out of the forest toward the wall. Out 
of the sky the Night King rides a dragon, spewing blue flame the wall begins to 
crumble. Breached, the army of the dead marches into the land of the humans. 

 

S8, Ep1 

Winterfell 

•  An army stretching to the horizon marches into Winterfell A young boy 
scrambles to look. Arya smiles watching with the commoners. Jon Snow and 
Daenerys ride together. Arya grimaces seeing Sandor the Hound, then sees 
Gendry. Tyrion and Varys ride a stage coach. Grey Worm and Missandei ride side 
by side. The two dragons make a low pass stunning the northerners. Sansa watches 
from high on the ramparts. 
 
Jon greets an impassive Bran, then hugs Sansa, he asks for Arya. He introduces 
Daenerys to Sansa and the other nobles. Bran warns everyone the dead are 
marching south. 
 
At a War Council the young Lord Umber says he needs more horses. The plan is to 
retreat all forces to Winterfell. Lady Mormont seems peeved Jon is no longer King 
of the North. He stresses he chose to protect the North and not his Crown. Tyrion 



steps up to praise Jon and says even the Lannisters are coming, to jeers. Sansa 
wonders about how to feed the armies, and the dragons. 
 
Gendry helps unload meager supplies. Tyrion goes to Sansa on a mezzanine and 
congratulates her. They haven't spoken since Joffrey's wedding. Sansa teases him 
about trusting his sister Cersei and doesn't expect the Lannisters to arrive. 
 
Arya meets Jon by the red tree, they hug. She shows him the Needle, he shows his 
sword. Arya says Sansa is the smartest one who doesn't like Daenerys. 
 
In King's Landing Qyburn tells Cersei the dead have broken through, she offers 
only a terse "good" in reply. At sea a large fleet approaches the Capital, Euron goes 
to see his niece Yara tied to a mast, he said he plans to "f*** the Queen". 
 
Euron and a Leader of the Golden Company say they brought 18,000 men, 2,000 
horses but no elephants. Euron wants a private meeting, Cersei relents and allows 
him to her chambers. 
 
Meanwhile, Bronn is seen at a brothel getting it on with three whores named 
Crayah, Dirah, and Marei. Qyburn interrupts them to offer Bronn a deal to kill 
Jaime and Tyrion on behalf of Cersei. Qyburn gives a crossbow. 
 
After sex, Euron dresses and wonders how he compares in bed to Cersei's other 
lovers. She likes his arrogance but dismisses him. 
 
In the harbor a gang assaults a ship, killing the guards. Theon unties his sister, she 
knocks him to the floor to, remind him she's the boss. They leave with three ships. 
Yara wants to go the the Iron Islands but Theon is released to go help the Starks. 
 
The Karstarks arrive at Winterfell. Davos, Tyrion and Varys discuss who will rule 
the Seven kingdoms if they survive. The three note Jon and Daenerys will decide. 
 
Daenerys tells Jon she wants Sansa to respect her, a guard comes to report on the 
dragons eating. The beasts don't like the cold North. Dany tells Jon to saddle up 
and ride a dragon. The two take off, Jon hanging on for dear life then getting the 
hang of it. After a short flight swooping and diving they land by a majestic 
waterfall. They dismount, and kiss while the dragons glare at Jon. 
 
Gendry works smiting dragon-glass blades. The Hound makes his sarcastic 
comments, Arya approaches, Sandor 'Hound' Clegane acknowledges her cold heart 
and walks away. Arya asks Gendry to make a special weapon she has sketched. 
 
Sansa has a bad message, House Glover is not coming. She argues with Jon why he 
renounced his crown, he says Daenerys will be a good Queen. 



 
Jorah and Daenerys meet Samwell Tarly, she thanks him for saving Jorah. As a 
reward he wants a pardon for borrowing Citadel books and taking the Tarly sword. 
Daenerys gives him the bad news she had the Tarly's killed for not bending a knee. 
Sam weeps and excuses himself. In the courtyard he sees Bran staring at him. Bran 
says they have to tell Jon the truth now. 
 
In the catacombs Jon blows out candles, Sam approaches clumsily. They greet 
each other, Jon didn't know about the Tarly's but says he is sorry. Sam stresses Jon 
has before and would have shown mercy. Sam then explains Jon's parents are 
Rhaegar Targaryen and Liana Stark, he is not a bastard at all. Ned Stark protected 
Jon for his sister as King Robert would have killed him. Jon's real name is Aegon 
and is the rightful heir to the Iron Throne. 
 
A group of men walk through the remains of House Umber, Tormund, Beric 
Dondarrion and a few others meet up with the Night Watch led by Eddison Tollett. 
The Night King has left a warning symbol, young Lord Umber pinned to a wall 
surrounded by severed limbs in a spiral pattern. Beric torches the boy as he 
screams out, the pattern burns brightly. The men will double up on horses to try 
and get to Winterfell before the Wights. 
 
In the final scene, Jaime Lannister arrives at Winterfell alone. Bran is there and 
stares at him. 

 

S8, Ep2 

A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms 

•  Jaime is brought to Daenerys who says she has long waited for the chance to 
punish the man who killed her father, the Kingslayer. They agree Cersei reneged 
and instead has 20,000 mercenaries to defeat whoever wins up North. Tyrion 
attempts to defend Jaime, Sansa also goes against Jaime. Lannister is defiant and 
says he did it for his House and family during War. Bran pipes up with the "things 
we do for love" line Jaime used when he pushed Bran off the tower in S1 E1. 
Brienne stands up for Jaime stressing he indirectly saved Sansa and is a man of 
honor. Sansa and Jon agree, Daenerys reluctantly agrees to let Jaime live, he 
thanks her and bows. 
 
Leaving the chamber Daenerys is angry with Tyrion for misreading Cersei and 
threatens to find another Hand, Jorah Mormont and Varys hear the exchange. 
 
Gendry and other blacksmiths work away. Arya comes to see him again, wants an 
update on her weapon. Gendry says he has fought the wights, he warns the fight 
will be bad, Arya wants details, she seems eager to see Death in the face. 



 
Jaime visits Bran by the red tree, he apologizes. Bran is still impassive and says he 
is no longer Brandon Stark, has no anger and realizes they need Jaime for the fight. 
 
Then Jaime greets Tyrion in the courtyard, they chat about Daenerys and Cersei's 
pregnancy. Tyrion seems resigned to Fate, Jaime is distracted watching Brienne 
train Pod and others. Jaime goes to Brienne and offers to fight with her on the 
Right Flank. 
 
Dany is sad, Jorah comes to see her. He admits he was upset Tyrion was named 
Hand but accepts the decision. He tells her to forgive Tyrion and makes another 
suggestion. Daenerys goes to see Sansa for a private convo. Dany is a little upset 
Sansa switched on Jaime. The two discuss the Lannisters, women as leaders, Dany 
says she loves and trusts Jon and then they broach their future relationship. What 
about the North? Davos interrupts them. 
 
Theon Greyjoy has arrived, he reports Yara has gone to the Iron Islands, he has 
come to fight for Winterfell. Sansa gives him a hug. 
 
Davos feeds the men. Gilly organizes women to go the Crypts. A brave young girl 
with greyscale on her face catches Dovos' eye, reminding him of Shireen 
Baratheon. A horn sounds, Tollett, Beric and Tormund arrive. They hug Jon, give 
the bad news about House Umber, and that Night King will be there before dawn. 
Tormund looks for Brienne. 
 
Preparations speed up, soldiers are issued dragon-glass weapons. Jon leads an 
Orders Group around a large map table, saying they are outnumbered. Getting to 
the Night King is key, Bran says the Night King is after him, Bran is marked on his 
arm and will be bait. Theon and the Ironborne will guard Bran. Davos will be on 
the wall to signal lighting the trench. Daenerys wants Tyrion in safety in the crypts, 
he wants to be in the action. Jon closes by telling everyone to get some rest. Tyrion 
goes to Bran to hear his story. 
 
Grey Worm sees Melisandre, he offers to take her away together after the battle. 
 
Sam asks Jon if he told Dany yet, he hasn't. Eddison joins them, the three former 
Night Watch stand together. Sam also doesn't want to go to the crypts, reminding 
he was the first to kill a White Walker. 
 
Jaime and Tyrion sit by a large fireplace with drinks, chatting about the past. 
Brienne and Pod join them, Tyrion pours ale. Davos arrives with Tormund, the 
wilding anxious to see Brienne. He has his own horn of drink. Tormund tells a tale 
of killing a giant and suckling from the teat of the giant's wife, he drains his horn 
as Brienne looks aghast. 



 
Arya sits by the Hound on the parapet. She taunts him but he reminds her he fought 
for her before. Beric joins them, greeting Arya, the Hound threatens to toss him 
over the wall if Beric starts preaching. Arya leaves the two. She goes to Gendry 
who has finished her two headed pike she twirls it. He describes briefly what the 
Red Witch did to him, because he is Robert Baratheon's bastard; she asks about his 
sex life. She wants to lose her virginity and orders him to strip, they make love. 
 
The fireplace crew stare into the flames. Tyrion reminds them all they are winners, 
although they acknowledge losing a few battles also. Brienne is sad since as a 
woman she is not a knight, Jamie draws a sword and tells her to kneel. He 
solemnly cites the words and makes her Ser Brienne of Tarth. The others applaud, 
Brienne grins. 
 
Jorah tries to get Lady Lyanna Mormont to go to the crypts, she refuses and wishes 
her cousin good fortune. Sam gives Jorah the large Tarly valeryian steel sword, 
Heartsbane. Jorah agrees to wield it to guard the realms of men. 
 
Pod sings a song of lost love at the fireplace. Sansa chats with Theon. Missandei 
kisses Grey Worm. Jorah leads his men beyond the walls. Jon and Dany are in the 
crypt by the Liana Stark memorial. Dany says Rhaegar was a good Prince but he 
raped Liana. Jon explains the truth, his parents were lovers and he is their 
legitimate son Aegon Targaryen. She is skeptical, now realizing he has a better 
claim to the throne. A horn sounds. 
 
A distance away, the Night King leads his army within sight of Winterfell. 

 

S8, Ep3 

The Long Night 

•  S3 E8 
 
Sam gets a Dragonglass blade and nervously joins the troops outside. Tyrion 
watches him go then watches as Theon takes Bran out in his wheelchair. Davos is 
on the parapet, Sansa also, the dragons fly and scream overhead. The catapults and 
Dothraki horsemen stand silently. Grey Worm stands at the head of the Unsullied. 
The Hound and Gendry join Tormund in line. Sam is terrified as he stands beside 
Eddison. Jorah is on a horse on the wing with Ghost, the dire wolf. Jon and 
Daenerys survey the scene from a hill to the west, a panoramic view before them. 
 
Davos notices a lone figure approach Jorah on horse, the Red Woman Melisandre. 
She tells the Dothraki to lift their swords, she touches one and recites a spell in a 
strange tongue, the swords alight in flames across the entire front. Eddison smiles. 



Melisandre rides to the Gate, greeting Grey Worm with "Valar Morghulis". Davos 
orders the Gate open, she rides into Winterfell. Davos rushes down to see her, she 
tells him not to kill her as she will be dead before dawn. Arya watches the 
exchange from a distance. 
 
The Dothraki ride into the darkness, screaming their war cries. From above Jon and 
Dany watch the tiny mass of flames move North. Catapults launch burning 
fireballs. Suddenly, the Dothraki charge stops, the fires dim, screams and noises, 
then total darkness. The foot soldiers look about nervously, survivors and a few 
horses return in panic. Jorah returns. Dany mounts her dragon. A silent wind blows 
toward the Army, Grey Worm puts on his helmet. The wights attack the Unsullied 
front lines. Brienne cries out to stand your ground. The hand to hand battle starts. 
 
The dragons flame the wights, Jon and Dany passing back and forth burning the 
enemy zombies. Arya and Sansa watch in awe. A snowstorm approaches, the 
dragons have to climb above the clouds. Arya tells Sansa to go to the crypts and 
gives her a knife. 
 
The battle rages. Theon and the Ironborne wait by the red tree with Bran. Brienne 
and Jamie fight for their lives. Sam is saved by Eddison who is then killed by a 
wight. 
 
Sansa arrives in the crypts, the women and children are gathered there with Tyrion. 
 
Jon circles his dragon in the snow, and low to the trees, in the darkness and 
confusion he almost collides with Dany. The two pair up as wingmen. 
 
The call goes out to pull back, the Army run back inside Winterfell, the Unsullied 
hold the line to buy time, the Wights press forward. 
 
In the sky Dany and Jon search for the Night King. Bran watches impassively as 
the dragons fly above him. 
 
Arya and others shoot fire arrows at the Wights who make it past the defenses. The 
Hound urges others to fall back. Grey Worm orders the trench lit, Davos tries to 
signal with torches but no one sees. Archers try to light the fire but fail. Men with 
hand torches are struck down. The Unsullied retreat to the Gate. Melisandre makes 
her way to the trench, she lays hands on the wood and repeats an incantation. The 
wights get closer, suddenly fire comes from her hands, the oil-filled trench 
surrounding the Castle erupts in flames, holding back the Wights. The Hound is 
stricken by the sight of the raging fire. 
 
In the crypts Varys and Tyrion talk, Tyrion says he might be able to make a 
difference outside like at Blackwater Bay. Sansa tells him he'd be killed. 



 
The battle quiets down with the trench, Theon and Bran wait. Theon apologizes to 
Bran, who then goes into a trance and wargs into a raven. The flock of black birds 
fly and approach the Night King, riding his dragon. 
 
At the trench wights start approaching the fire throwing their bodies on and 
smothering the flames, others then climb over and break through the fire line. The 
castle quickly reorganizes defenses. Jon looks on in dismay as the burning trench is 
breeched. Looking over his shoulder he sees another dragon high above, the Night 
King commanding his army. In Winterfell they rain burning arrows at the zombies 
who approach the walls. Jorah and Jaime look down at the climbing Wights, they 
reach the top of the wall. The men push them back but a huge swarm attacks the 
castle. Sam kills wights, the men fight desperately but wights jump down to the 
courtyards. The castle is total mayhem, the Hound is huddled in fear. 
 
Arya swings her pike killing many, Beric calls out to Cleghane. Arya is a killing 
machine as Davos watches her. A giant wight breaks the Gate and enters the 
courtyard swinging a huge club, Beric tries to get the Hound to snap out of it, the 
big man is defeatist. Dondarrion points out Arya fighting for her life. Little Lyanna 
Mormont charges the giant Wight. It grabs her in one hand raising her up while 
crushing the young girl. Lyanna manages a last gasp to stab the giant in the eye 
killing it. The wights pour into the Gate. 
 
In the sky Jon and Dany fly above the storm. The Night King attacks from below, 
his dragon spewing blue flames. Jon and Dany barely evade and regroup. 
 
In a quiet part of the castle an exhausted Arya hides in a library with rows of 
bookshelves. She hears clumsy footsteps, and stays silent. More wights enter the 
dark room, she hides under a table. A drop of blood makes a noisy splash, a wight 
comes to look but Arya gets away unseen. She throws a book to distract the wights 
and escapes the library. She makes her way down a passage but is chased by the 
wights, she runs for her life. 
 
The folks in the crypts hear the struggles above, they wait in silence. Beric and the 
Hound patrol the hallways, Beric saves Arya by throwing his flaming sword. The 
Hound and Beric lead her to a refuge. The Hound picks up Arya and carries her 
away, Betic holds back the wights in a narrow passageway, but dies from his 
wounds. Melisandre is there in the safe room, she greets Arya, they recall their 
previous meeting years ago. The wights batter the door. Arya replies with "not 
today" when asked what to say to the God of Death, she scampers off. 
 
Theon warns his men, wights approach the wood. They fire arrows in defense. 
 
The Night King strafes the castle with his flaming blue dragon, Jon attacks and the 



two dragons grapple in the sky. The Night King wields his spear but falls off his 
mount to the ground below. Jon and his dragon continue to fight the blue dragon, 
but his beast tires and dives to the ground, Jon is thrown off. 
 
Dany goes after the Night King. She hovers above him and orders "Dracarys" her 
dragon spewing a huge fireball. The Night King walks out with a half smirk, he 
walks towards the Castle. Jon draws his sword and chases after him across the 
battlefield. As he gets closer the Night King turns and raises his arms, animating 
the newly dead, Jon is surrounded by wights. In the castle the wights stop fighting 
and there is a short silence. Lyanna Mormont comes alive with blue eyes. The 
Night King and his White Walker lieutenants approach Winterfell. 
 
Inside the crypts the deceased arise from their tombs. Theon and his men continue 
to defend Bran. Jon fights for survival, Dany flames his attackers and he resumes 
his chase of the Night King. Too close to ground, wights climb onto Dany's 
dragon, weighing if down, it struggles to fly. Dany is knocked off, her dragon is 
covered with zombies. Wights attack Dany, Jorah appears to defend her. Jon enters 
Winterfell, everyone is fighting in close quarters, he can't even stop to help Sam 
who struggles and appears to be overwhelmed. Slashing his way he looks for his 
foe. 
 
At the tree the Ironborne are down to just Theon, he continues to fight bravely. 
Jorah defends Dany in the open. In the crypts, Sansa and Tyrion huddle in fear, 
they appear to consider suicide. Tyrion makes a move. 
 
The Night King's dragon smashes into the castle walls, Jon takes cover. Jaime and 
Brienne are backed into a corner, Jorah fights on. The blue dragon stumbles around 
the castle, Jon diving behind walls for safety. The Night King and his White 
Walkers stride confidently towards Bran, Theon fights alone. A pause, now 
surrounded, the wights clear a path for their King. Bran tells Theon he is a good 
man. Theon replies with thanks then charges the Night King. Theon dies, the Night 
King glowers at Bran. Jon tries to approach the Dragon but has to evade the 
flames. Jorah is mortally wounded, makes a last stand. The Night King walks alone 
toward Bran, pausing close up, they stare at each other. Jon decides to face the 
dragon and stands in front of the beast screaming at it, the beast opens it's mouth. 
 
As the Night King reaches for his sword, Arya comes leaping in behind him, he 
turns and grabs her around her neck. Arya drops her knife from her raised but 
blocked left hand, catches it with her right and stabs the Night King. He shatters 
into ice fragments. All the white walkers and blue dragon shatter also, the wights 
drop dead. The battle is over. Arya smiles at Bran, Dany weeps over Jorah. Her 
dragon lands behind her. 
 
The Hound and Melisandre come out of the castle, she walks toward the dawn 



throwing off her necklace. Davos watches as she turns to dust in the wind, her robe 
falling to the ground. 

 

S8, Ep4 

The Last of the Starks 

•  S8 E4 
 
Winterfell has arranged the dead on large funeral pyres outside the castle. Jorah, 
Lyanna Mormont, Beric, Eddison, lie at the head of groups. Daenerys kisses Jorah 
Mormont's corpse, Sansa grieves over Theon Greyjoy, and places a Stark hairpin in 
his tunic. Jon makes a short but moving speech honoring the fallen, their sacrifice 
will never be forgotten. The pyres are lit. 
 
At a wake afterwards the Living share food and drinks. Daenerys singles out 
Gendry and publicly confirms he is the Baratheon heir. She makes him Lord of 
Storms End on the spot. Davos is the first to toast him. Jon hands him a goblet. 
Tyrion quietly remarks that she now has Gendry's loyalty. 
 
Jaime and Brienne sit together, he urges her to have a drink. 
 
Davos and Tyrion discuss Melisandre and the Lord of Light. Tyrion then goes to 
see Bran, he hints Bran should be Lord of Winterfell, but Bran doesn't want it. 
Tormund toasts the Dragon Queen, Daenerys then toasts Arya as the Hero, to 
resounding cheers. Sansa looks on quietly. 
 
Tyrion plays Truth or Dare with Brienne and Jaime. Tormund pumps up Jon's 
leadership to great cheers, Dany looks on awkwardly. Varys notices her discomfort 
as she leaves the Great Hall. 
 
Drunk, Tyrion states Brienne is a virgin, Brienne stands up without answering. 
Tormund comes by also drunk but she again rebuffs him. Frustrated he laments to 
Cleghane, then finds another girl who is willing. The Hound turns down another 
young lady offering her charms. Sansa sits with him to chat. He points out that if 
she had left Kings Landing when he offered years ago things would have been 
different. She holds his hand and saying she matured with Littlefinger and Ramsay 
Bolton. 
 
Gendry finds Arya practicing archery. Eager, he proposes to her, but she kisses 
him and declines, saying she's not a Lady. 
 
Brienne fires up her bedroom fireplace, Jaime arrives with drinks. He makes an 
excuse to strip off his shirt, then she takes off hers and they proceed to make love. 



 
Dany comes to her bedroom, Jon is there drunk. He honors Ser Jorah, she couldn't 
love him in the way he wanted. Jon and Dany kiss, then he pulls back. She knows 
the others will respect him as King, he says he doesn't want it, so she asks him to 
keep his parentage a secret. Jon wants to tell the Starks, Dany stresses the secret 
will get out. 
 
Brienne sleeps, Jaime looks at her with content. 
 
The Council meet at a map board. With the 50% losses in the recent battle they 
now have roughly equal forces to Cersei. Dany wants to hit Cersei hard, Tyrion 
and Jon suggest a siege to turn the people of the Capital against Cersei. Sansa 
suggests waiting to regroup, Dany says she helped the North, now they must 
reciprocate. Tyrion outlines the strategy; Jon and Davos will lead an army south, 
Tyrion and Dany will take a smaller group by sea to Dragonstone, with the two 
Dragons. Jaime will stay in Winterfell. Arya wants a word with Jon. 
 
The Starks meet at the red tree, Jon once again has to convince his sisters of 
Daenerys' leadership. Arya supports Jon but doesn't trust the Dragon Queen. Jon 
then asks the two girls to swear an oath of secrecy, they do and he nods to Bran to 
explain. 
 
At a nearby public house Jaime and Tyrion have a drink and talk about Brienne, 
the Imp is curious. Suddenly Bronn enters brandishing his crossbow. Bronn is 
bitter about the Lannisters and punches Tryion in the face. He thinks Dany can win 
the upcoming war and wants to deal. Tyrion offers Bronn Lordship of Highgarden. 
Bronn leaves, warning the two brothers. 
 
In the morning the Hound rides off alone, Arya joins him, he curses good 
naturedly. They both have unfinished business down South. Dany sends her 
dragons off, Sansa watches them fly away. Tyrion comes to say goodbye, he is 
puzzled why Sansa hates Daenerys. Sansa is pensive, then asks Tyrion what if 
there was a better alternative to Daenerys? Tormund says farewell to Jon, he will 
take the Freefolk to Castle Black. Jon says to take Ghost. Sam and a pregnant Gilly 
come to say goodbye also, they want to name a boy Jon. Sam hugs his best friend 
ever. Jon looks at Ghost sadly, then mounts up and rides away. 
 
Grey Worm and Missandei enjoy the sea on the upper decks. Tyrion sits with 
Varys in a wardroom. They discuss how Jon would be a more popular monarch. 
They are worried about Daenerys. 
 
The ships drop anchor and Dany takes the two dragons for a flight around 
Dragonstone. Suddenly large darts hit the other dragon, Dany is shocked to see the 
animal crash dead to the sea. Looking for the cause they see Enron's fleet 



approaching through a narrows. Dany goes in to attack but turns away just as 
Euron lets loose another volley from his ships' ballistrae. Euron then bombards the 
Northern fleet, Tyrion and others jump in the water for safety. Gasping, they come 
ashore, but Missandei is missing, Greyworm looks for her in panic. 
 
Later, Euron and Qyburn give Cersei an update on the battle victory. Cersei tells 
Euron she is pregnant with his child. Cersei says to leave the Gates open to dare 
Daenerys to kill civilians. Missandei is held prisoner. 
 
Varys and Tyrion urge Daenerys not to attack Kings Landing. Jon is still two 
weeks away, Tyrion says to demand surrender, Dany agrees as it will show she 
tried at least. Alone later, Varys says Daenerys is unstable and he must let others 
know about Jon Snow for the good of the Realm. Tyrion says that would be 
treason and Jon doesn't even want the Throne. They discuss options, but disagree. 
 
Jaime sees Sansa and Brienne receive a raven-gram. He asks for an update, Sansa 
explains the sea disaster. Jaime thinks, deep in thought he watches Brienne sleep. 
She notices him missing then goes out to see him preparing a horse. She asks him 
to stay with her. He cannot, and recites a few of the evil things he has done for 
Cersei, he leaves Brienne in tears. 
 
A regiment of Unsullied stand behind Daenerys and her Council near the Gates to 
Kings Landing. Cersei is high on the walls above, Missandei in chains beside her. 
Qyburn goes out to parley with Tyrion. Tyrion demands Cersei surrender, Qyburn 
says likewise to Daenerys or else Missandei dies. Tyrion tries to reason, Qyburn is 
just a messenger, but points out their strength. Tyrion goes to the wall to appeal to 
Cersei, she stands down her archers to allow his approach. Tyrion calls up to give 
it up for the sake of her baby. Cersei doesn't respond but gives her prisoner a 
chance for last words. "Dracarys" she calls out. 
 
The Mountain decapitates Missandei of Noth, her body falls. Grey Worm and 
Daenerys watch in horror, the Dragon Queen leaves seething with fury. Tyrion and 
Cersei exchange a last look. 

 

S8, Ep5 

The Bells 

•  Varys writes a raven-gram message to someone explaining that Jon Snow is the 
heir to the Iron Throne. The door knocks, a serving girl reports Daenerys is still not 
eating, the young girl is nervous saying the soldiers are watching her. Varys gives 
her a confidence boost. Later, Tyrion watches from on high as Jon Snow arrives at 
Dragonstone by launch, met by Varys on the beach. Jon reports the army is two 
days away. Daenerys is in her chambers not seeing everyone. Varys hints at a 



mutiny, Jon stresses he only supports the Queen. 
 
Tyrion is summoned to Daenerys at the Map Room. She reveals she knows Tyrion 
knows about Jon, who must have betrayed her. He names Varys, Tyrion is forced 
to apologize, she is very bitter. Varys hears footsteps and burns a note, he removes 
his rings. Grey Worm and Unsullied take him to the beach, lit by a few torches. 
Tyrion takes blame, Varys accepts his fate and says goodbye. Daenerys issues a 
death sentence, and orders her dragon to flame the eunuch. Jon watches in silence. 
 
By a fire Daenerys gives Grey Worm a souvenir from Missandei, her old slave 
collar, he tosses it in the fire. She excuses him so she can talk to Jon. She blames 
him for telling Sansa, he says he loves her, they kiss but again the spark is missing. 
Dany steps back. 
 
Tyrion tries to convince Dany the citizens of Kings Landing are innocent, under 
hostage to Cersei. Dany says she needs to show her strength. Tyrion pleads for her 
to call off the attack if the City bells ring out in surrender. She nods, then sends 
Grey Worm to take the Unsullied to meet Jon's Army. Dany then mentions they 
captured Jaime, she tells Tyrion he can only fail her one more time. 
 
At day, a steady stream of civilians enter Kings Landing. Jon and Tyrion are rowed 
to their army camp, the attack will occur at daybreak. Tyrion asks Davos for a 
smuggling favor. 
 
Sandor Cleghane and Arya ride up to a sentry post, they breeze through. 
 
Tyrion goes to see Jaime held under Unsullied guard. They allow him to pass. 
Jaime reveals his gilt hand gave him away, Tyrion wants Jaime to try to get Cersei 
to surrender, mentioning the baby. Tyrion tells him to take Cersei out the secret 
passage at the bottom of the Red Keep. A dinghy will be waiting. Jaime promises 
to do as his brother says. Jaime warns him Dany won't be happy, Tyrion hopes for 
mercy. Tyrion unlocks Jaime, his only friend growing up. They hug. 
 
The next day is sunny and still. The Iron fleet prepares the scorpion weapons. 
Lannister troops man the high walls. Civilians close their doors and windows. Arya 
and Sandor make it in to the City on foot. Jaime, wearing a cloak also goes for the 
Main Gate. The Golden Company takes position outside the North Gate. Jon, 
Davos and Tyrion stand on a rise with their army, Tyrion says to call off their men 
if the bells ring. Cersei looks over King Landing with a confident smile. Sandor 
and Arya get through to the Keep as the doors close, Jaime is forced to find another 
way in. The crowd begins to panic. 
 
In the harbor, Euron paces, he senses something and looks up into the sun. 
Alarmed, he sees the dragon diving down, he tries to redirect the weapons but the 



beast strafes and destroys the ships. The dragon evades the scorpions and destroys 
the defensive weapons. On the other side of the City, they hear explosions, 
suddenly the wall explodes from the inside, the dragon blasts the sellswords and 
Grey Worm leads the charge, Dothraki cavalry breaking into the City. The dragon 
continues destroying Cersei's army. Cersei looks from a distance, slightly 
concerned, but hopeful of one good shot. Tyrion walks toward the City. Qyburn 
tells Cersei the scorpions have all been destroyed, still confident, she expects her 
men to fight, the Red Keep has never fallen. 
 
Grey Worm leads the army further into the City, they meet a line of Lannister 
troops blocking a main road. Tyrion looks anxiously at the bell tower. Dany and 
her dragon land on a rooftop and roar in triumph. The Lannister Army drop their 
swords, the fighting pauses. Dany surveys the scene from her mount, Cersei 
watches the north end of the City in flames. Tyrion and Jon wait, then the bell 
peels, Cersei grimaces. Dany stares at the Red Keep, then takes off, her dragon 
flying low scaring the city folk. Suddenly the dragon spews fire and starts burning 
Kings Landing. Grey Worm sees the carnage and throws his pike at an unarmed 
opponent. The Unsullied surge forward slaughtering the Lannister Army. 
 
Jon pauses, then tries to hold back his Army, Grey Worm flashes him a look of 
hate and continues his killing. The Dragon roams over the City burning large 
swaths, Tyrion is stunned. The Unsullied and Dothraki kill everyone in sight. Jon 
walks in a daze, he stops a rapist. The dragon flies toward the Red Keep. 
 
Jamie gets to the base of the Castle, sees the row boat waiting. Euron is there 
taunting him. The dragon now works on the Keep, towers fall. Euron and Jaime 
fight, Qyburn gets Cersei and leads her away to escape. Jaime is able to hold his 
own but is stabbed. He manages to recover his sword and runs Euron through. 
Euron dies happy, believing he killed Jaime with the mortal wounds. Jaime 
staggers into the Red Keep. 
 
The Hound and Arya make their way up into the Castle, Sandor tells Arya to go, 
not to end up like him. She thanks him and goes back. Sandor meets Cersei, 
Qyburn and the Mountain on the stairs, the dragon batters the walls. Sandor easily 
kills other guards then approaches his big brother. The larger Cleghane kills 
Qyburn, then approaches the smaller Hound. Cersei slips past as the two brothers 
fight with swords. Sandor knocks off the other's helmet revealing a brutalized face. 
Cersei stumbles around in shock, Jaime meets her and they hug. She weeps and 
realizes Jaime is hurt. He leads her away. 
 
Sandor stabs the Mountain but the brute will not die, just pulling the sword out of 
his gut. Like Frankenstein's monster he trudges toward an exhausted Sandor. 
 
Arya is outside the Keep, to scenes of death and destruction, she stumbles along as 



walls caves in, then is caught in a stampede, trampled. 
 
Sandor is beaten badly by his monster brother. Arya manages to get up and tries to 
rescue a young family. The Mountain begins to choke and poke Sandor's eyes out, 
but the Hound buys relief by driving a dagger through the other's eye. With a last 
gasp, Sandor charges pushing both of them off the tower and they fall hundreds of 
feet to the fires below. 
 
Jon sees some buildings explode with the green fires, he sheaths his sword then 
calls for everyone to pull back. Davos and others follow. 
 
Arya gets up covered in dust, running, again she is covered by falling bricks. She 
makes it to safety in a room with others, she tries to get them to move. A Dothraki 
wounds the young father she tries to save, then she has to dive for cover as the 
flaming dragon approaches. 
 
Jaime and Cersei make it to the lowest level but their way to the beach is blocked 
by rubble. They are trapped. Cersei cries, afraid to die, Jaime takes her close and 
reassures her. The roof continues to collapse and they are buried. 
 
Ashes fall on a destroyed Kings Landing. Arya is still alive in the ruins, she sees a 
white horse, mounts up and gallops away. 

 

S8, Ep6 

The Iron Throne 

•  Finale 
 
Tyrion Lannister creeps slowly up the main avenue of Kings Landing, Jon Snow 
and Ser Davos close behind, swords drawn. Fires, destruction, dead children, ashes 
fall like snow. The City is in ruins. Jon says to stop, Tyrion stares at what's left of 
the Red Keep and goes on alone. On the street, Grey Worm is executing Lannister 
Army survivors. Jon tries to stop him, things get tense, Davos suggests they talk to 
the Queen, they leave but Grey Worm slits a throat anyway. 
 
Tyrion makes it inside, to the map room then finds the stairs to the lower levels. In 
the rubble he notices Jaime's gilt hand. He uncover the bricks and finds Jaime and 
Cersei's lifeless bodies. He weeps and pounds a brick in anguish. 
 
Arya gets to an open square and sees Jon Snow pushing through Dothraki cavalry. 
The Dothraki and Unsullied are in parade formation in front of a large stairway. 
Jon begins to ascend, Grey Worm waits above. The dragon passes overhead. 
Queen Daenerys comes to address her Army. In their language she thanks them for 



their service and says they have only just started, more cities need to be liberated. 
Jon looks on with concern. She names Grey Worm her Master of War, to cheers 
and pounding pikes. 
 
From below Arya looks on with hate. Tyrion arrives at the staircase podium. 
Daenerys tells him quietly he committed treason and he resigns as Hand, tossing 
his badge down the stairs. The troops realize something is up and quiet down. 
Daenerys orders guards to take Tyrion away. She then looks at Jon but they don't 
speak to each other, the Queen departs. Suddenly Arya is beside Jon, she warns Jon 
that he will always be seen as a threat to the Queen with his Targaryeon lineage. 
 
Jon goes to see Tyrion in a dungeon. Tyrion is resigned to his fate. As they talk 
Tyrion tries to get Jon to see Daenerys as he sees her now, in light of Kings 
Landing and leaves him with the thought that Jon can still do the right thing. Jon 
remembers an old saying from Maester Aemon "love is the death of duty", Tyrion 
turns it around, pressing Jon and pointing out even Sansa is at risk. 
 
Jon walks through a storm of ashes, the dragon guards the Throne Hall, sniffs Jon 
and lets him pass. In the Throne Room the walls have been blasted away but the 
Iron Throne remains. Daenerys approaches in awe, slowly touching the armrest. 
Jon approaches, Daenerys recalls her childhood stories of the Throne. Jon raises 
his voice over the deaths and executions, he asks her to forgive. Unrepentant, she 
asks him to join her new world order. They hug and kiss, Jon slips a dagger into 
her chest and lowers her to the floor. She dies. 
 
The dragon realizes something is amiss and flies close-by then lands, it sees Jon 
holding the lifeless Queen. The dragon roars, nuzzles the dead body, then sends a 
mighty flame onto the Iron Throne, melting the chair. Jon shields himself from the 
heat but is not touched. The dragon then takes Daenerys' body and flies off. 
 
Several weeks later Tyrion is taken from his cell. Grey Worm marches him in front 
of the Lords of Westeros seated under an awning at the Dragon Pit. Grey Worm 
says Jon is still his prisoner. Sansa and Yara Greyjoy argue, Davos tries to 
conciliate. Tyrion points out the King of Westeros must decide, they must choose 
one now. Edmure Tully stands and starts his claim, Sansa puts him down. Samwell 
Tarly tries to raise democracy, after a pause the others laugh it off. Tyrion then 
makes a strong case and concludes Brandon Stark should be King. Tyrion also says 
the next King must not be born but chosen by the Lords to serve the realm. Bran 
accepts readily as if he had already foreseen. All say 'aye'. Sansa declares 
independence for the North. All hail "Bran the Broken". Bran then says Tyrion 
must be his Hand. Grey Worm protests. 
 
Tyrion goes to see Jon in a cell, it has been decided to send him to the Night's 
Watch, an outpost for the unwanted. Jon can have no wife or lands. This will 



appease the Unsullied. Jon is still not sure he did the right thing, Tyrion says to ask 
again in 10 years. 
 
Jon walks to the harbor, sees an angry Grey Worm and the Unsullied setting sail 
for Naath. Jon meets Bran, Sansa and Arya to say farewell. Arya says she will be 
exploring west, with her Needle. Jon kneels before Bran, then boards his launch to 
take him to the far North. 
 
Brienne has the manuscript for the Kingsguard History. She updates Jaime's 
section and closes the book, sadly. 
 
Tyrion enters the Council chambers and sits in the Hand chair at the head of the 
table. He rearranges the other chairs just before his Council enters. Sam brings in a 
large tome, "A Song of Ice and Fire", the history of Westeros since King Robert. 
Sam jokes that Tyrion is not mentioned in the book. King Bran arrives, Ser Podrick 
pushing the wheelchair. Bran notes a Master of Whisperers, Master of Laws, 
Master of War are still vacant, Tyrion says suitable names will be provided soon 
for approval. The dragon was last seen in the East, Bran says maybe he can locate 
him. Bronn, Lord of Highgarden is Master of Coin. Lord Davos is Master of Ships. 
The Council argue in good nature the priorities facing the Realm. 
 
Tormund watches from a balcony as a morose Jon Snow arrives at Castle Black. 
 
Sansa is prepped for her coronation ceremony. The Lords of the North all hail 
Queen Of the North. 
 
Arya sails away on a ship, looking forward to her new adventures. 
 
Jon is greeted by the Wildings and reunites with his dire wolf Ghost. Tormund and 
Jon then lead the Wildings past the Wall, a tuft of grass pokes out from the snow. 
They disappear into the forest beyond.